Find.
Hello.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey, Edinah.
All more people are coming.
Yeah.
Oh.
Mhm.
Morning.
Good morning. Good morning.
Yes.
Asina Lukhele.
Bew.
Where is the Li-Fi?
I.
And where?
Bew.
Yeah.
And.
That'd be best, only checking you.
Did you just?
Are you not on call?
Ohh.
Cool.
Yeah.
Thatch.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I don't know.
Goodnight.
Okay.
Good luck.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Five.
Um...
Wonderful.
Yeah.
You see the other side of the highway?
Did you see the other side of the highway?
All the lines.
If you know you a lot, we won't know.
Okay.
Good, good, yeah, yeah, thank you.
And it's like, you know, like the French.
Thank you for that.
Yeah.
Hello.
Okay.
How is it?
Thank you.
I know.
Yeah.
Is that?
Yeah, yeah.
Great. So.
I do.
Cool, then I would face in there. OK.
Mhm.
Ohh.
Hey, Cortana.
And.
Everybody, can everybody online hear us?
Yeah.
Okay, apologies,
we did ask for a room with video
conferencing, but we've made a plan.
And so you'll see a little camera on the
top of the board there.
So if you do want to smile for the camera,
that's where it is.
And this little thing over here is a
conference speaker.
So if you are going to
talk and as we discussed,
please do try and project your voice.
It's very good at clicking out volume and
audio,
just so that everybody online can follow
along. I don't think it will be a problem,
but let's just see how it goes.
If you guys are struggling to follow or
to hear us, please do let us know.
So, if I make another plan, if if need be.
We call it OK, so obviously.
Welcome to Cape Town. All our travelers,
trust you had a good journey in.
It's great to have you guys here,
finding everybody in one room and not the
digital avatars that we usually do on a
daily basis.
I'm not sure I understand that.
Obviously,
today and tomorrow are really important
for us as a group,
not only from a program perspective,
but from a team perspective. You know,
team collaboration and team, you know,
engagement with each other is really
important.
when it comes to big,
highly stressful programs like this that
are moving at pace,
where people so easily miss each other,
you know, with the, you know,
the BAU activities or the reporting
activities or whatever the fires that are
burning, you know, and wherever they are,
we kind of run past each other.
sometimes, because we go so far.
So I think, you know,
it's really important for us to take a
minute to get to know each other as well,
and welcome to the team with Paul.
The main outcomes of today and tomorrow
really are a very pivotal understanding
around
what is that this program is trying to
deliver. I mean,
I think everybody knows conceptually what
it is that we're trying to do and how we
think we want to do it.
But I think it's really important that
everybody gets a unique and proper
understanding of how these work teams
not only fit together, but flow together,
and what dependencies and constraints
each team and person has on another,
so that you can really understand the
flow delivery, so that, you know,
you can obviously add everything.
And obviously you remain a little bit
dynamic in that planning,
because we all know that things move
quickly and things change. And there are,
of course,
going to be a lot of unknown things that
will be discovered and found along the
way, and we need to be able to
Adapt, adapt accordingly to listening.
So, with that said,
I am gonna ask Keshvi to jump in in a
minute and just give us a go there.
sort of the view of the product and
product owner in terms of the program,
but just a couple of sort of housekeeping
and rules we will try and take regular
sort of body breaks and that kind of
thing. And Bernice,
is going to be our scribe for the day,
for today and tomorrow. So he's going to,
I suppose,
desperately try and follow and scribe
along in the documents and templates that
we've put together.
And then we've obviously got a couple of
people on the call. So
We are waiting for full Brent and full.
No, that this is is online.
Why is that so he is grabbing fruit?
Is she on that one?
And.
Okay.
Okay,
perhaps we could have a second scribe
then in the room.
Who'd like to volunteer to scribe?
We volunteer, we take it.
Little straws, man.
A.
OK, hopefully. OK, thanks,
the way I think between.
I said to do something.
Yeah, Kish, you wanna jump in for...
OK, yeah, so...
It's going to be a bit after a deep.
I actually tried to cover the people who
had no contact with Danny,
but it's helpful just to do a recap.
Just to confirm that Adrian can hear me
here. Laura, I sound good online.
Uh, you are very distant, Keshvi.
What?
Oh.
Big.
Oh, okay. Is there any better buses?
Yeah, that's better. Thank you, Keshvi.
Okay, so I think what key that we need to,
I think,
is to be clear on what it is that we do.
We call this thing web transformation,
we call this thing web restructure,
we call this thing web migration.
But I think it is web transformation.
Within web transformation,
we're trying to do 2 key things.
So we want to move across
to the new platform that we created last
year. However,
we do want to uplift the customer
experience while we do this.
So two key things, and well,
the third thing that is a byproduct of
the two is we get to decommission the old
platform.
So if there's anything you're dealing
with, please,
that is the scope of the stuff.
We're moving the stuff from the old to
the new,
we're uplifting the customer experience.
And we're going to decommission, or,
as I like to say,
we're going to kill all that, right?
And the reason we want to do this is...
We did get funding to do the migration,
because it is going to take time and
effort, but if we move like for like,
we're just going to be moving customer
problems across.
I think everybody got a view from
stakeholders and from customer research
that the experience is not great.
So it's really an opportunity to say,
we're not going to rewrite the whole of
web, redo it, start from scratch,
but there is opportunity to make some
changes.
to improve the experience.
I'm not going to go through there because
that's like a little bit lengthy.
Some of the things to consider that when
you're doing this piece of work,
it's always important to consider, like,
how do we measure success?
How do we know we've been successful at
what we've done?
So there's basic things we're going to
aim for from a platform perspective,
and there's all the good things that we
talk about as a team all the time.
We need analytics and observability
coverage because we know that we've been
having the discussions to stay beyond the
web transformation.
We also need to commercialize our
platform.
So we're going to have a huge drive
around bringing tenants onto our platform,
tenants being other business areas for
one day web press. So that will allow us
to generate revenue for the platform.
So these are some basics that we need to
put down from a platform perspective that
was important.
There's design system compliance so that
we start to create a consistent
experience and we start to also release a
lot quicker because we can start to use
reusable components.
There's platform performance as well.
We need to be available for,
Apart from our customers,
is our tenants as well,
so we need to be available a certain
amount of time, I think,
and then that SLA is ninety-nine point
some percent there. Load times,
my biggest pain,
and where we've made improvements,
and then...
We need to make more improvements if
below 3 seconds is our target.
And I think actually it was here,
someone who called us that recent
research actually called us less than two
seconds. That's the ideal time,
but we still take it as three seconds.
There is automated deployment pipelines
and there's code scanning to improve
delivery quality. But basically,
you want to set up this platform,
so that is really amazing.
We can scale the platform and get going
and build more on it. Customer metrics,
we do want to grow organic growth on the
channel, organic traffic on the channel.
Large percentage,
I think almost 34% of our traffic is
organic traffic on our platform,
and that's great.
That means that off the average of 1.
5 million customers,
About 1/3 of them are coming through
organically.
That means they're searching through
somewhere and they're coming through old
mutual.
Nobody's pushing campaigns with them.
We're not forcing anything.
And that's great.
And that's the kind of traffic we
actually want to drive on the web because
that is free. We're not paying for it.
We have campaigns.
We have to spend a fortune on actually
getting people to our website.
And session duration,
when people come on our website,
we want them to be there longer.
We want them to look at what's on our
website, look at options,
do some window shopping while they're
there. Even if they're not going to buy,
at least they get some education out of
it or something that adds value to it.
Customer satisfaction, we largely use NPS.
today as our measure of satisfaction,
friction reduction,
we don't want people to come there and
launch after like 2 seconds or something.
We want people to stay around and we
don't want any data fix and we want to
increase the active digital users on
secure.
So all this is great. I mean,
I think we talk about this all the time,
but I think the question to ask is what
value are we delivering to the business
from all of the force that we do?
And what we've promised the business for
a while is a lot of people want to build
on web. And I know most of you know,
people come to us and they're like,
we want to do this somewhere,
we want to do that on web.
We've never had the ability before.
We had it,
technically we could have made it work to
set up multiple teams on our platform,
but it wasn't great.
So one of the biggest strides is we are
telling businesses,
now you can come and set up your own team
and actually own your own feature,
own your own web channel,
own whatever part of it and maintain it
yourself. After delivery,
do the standardized templates.
that we are creating.
So if someone comes and sets up a
presence on web,
we want to help them to get set up and
going very quickly.
So if the standard templates,
they can take it and use it.
Don't go reinvent the web.
That means we get faster delivery to
customers as well. Demand generation.
So one thing we need to be cognizant of,
apart from just...
doing this migration piece of work,
there is a wider ecosystem that we need
to consider,
and I'll actually talk to it more in my
next picture,
but we also need to make it easier for
customers to navigate to other sites as
well. There's real time content updates,
which, oh God, I can't wait for this one.
Sure,
like when something goes wrong on public
web.
Trust me,
half an hour is the longest wait in your
life to get something removed from public
work or change. And things do happen.
Like the other night,
when I was happening to remove a button,
and that's half an hour.
So real-time content updates and improved
product information and discoverability.
And I didn't add on the other part,
but obviously we make...
things like discoverability easier,
we can navigate easier,
it means that we can possibly get more
leads as well. Because customers come in,
they look at what they want to,
and then make the decision you want to
pick up a product or not.
I do want to stop here for a while on
this one,
because I think this side is actually key
to the work that we're doing.
So the red block is really everything,
and I'm hoping that everything we've
identified is sitting on our estate that
needs to move.
But there's a few parties that need to do
work for this to happen,
and that's why we have the lights.
here. Wayne is also here,
I see Wayne Joanne.
We can't do the fill up.
So we need help from a few groups of
people.
So we have our OMA colleagues who are
taking ownership of their different
country sites and helping to move their
stuff across.
For the web platform to focus on,
our two key platforms are Amkoza and Maya
Mutual.
But within Omkota and Mio Mutual,
there's journeys, there's call me back,
there's leads,
there's servicing capabilities that need
to be moved across. There's rewards,
our rewards colleagues are doing a bit of
planning on their side because they've
got a reward team designed to whatever,
but they need to help us.
And then there's a site that we don't
really
own the proposition for from a business
perspective,
but we manage it on behalf of businesses,
is the likes of Khululekile or Oncom
alternatives that we need to.
Now,
that block is what we need to move across
in the new experience,
but we can't ignore the blue block that
says site with owners here.
The site with owners block needs to be
considered from a design perspective,
and I'm especially talking to that table
over our colleagues.
So the one thing we need to solve for is
when customers come and they want a
composition,
most likely they're going to end up at an
on-poster.
something that they need could be sitting
on another side.
If they want to do share trading,
they need EQG.
If they want to buy short term insurance,
there's IY, there's all mutually insured.
There's some people,
the way with all this money there that
may want to go invest some more.
So we need to consider,
we're not going to tell these people
right now,
go and build on our platform and
consolidate,
because that's how we initially started.
I mean,
you should thinking everything must be
one massive, and then...
there's valid business propositions that
need to remain separate.
And some things are offered at a niche
market,
but it just doesn't make sense to put it
all in on COVID.
If you look at like a Symmetry offering,
for instance,
Symmetry is offered like it's an
investment offering for very niche
clients.
It doesn't necessarily cater for the mass
here, but a few of your mass products
customers that come here may be
interested in that.
So first need some more cuts by the
navigation system.
That it seems designed as well.
Some sites we're not focusing on,
and we're not focusing on advisors.
So clearly out of scope.
What we do have to figure is the existing
navigation insights from our programs.
But we are not building forward.
And I think we spoke about very high
level,
some of the key customer pain points that
we probably want to solve for as part of
this piece of work is navigation is a
problem, customer solar,
navigation is bad, we come to public,
we have lots and lots of layers to go
through.
I think it was the outcome from the
insure team that kept telling us it's 8
clicks.
Do you actually get to the insure product?
There's lots of content. I think there's,
and I'd love to also leave the two days
with a confirmed number of what public we
have was at a point in time,
because we keep throwing out the number
of 2,500 at a point in time. Like 2,
500 is ridiculous, guys.
I think Justin did a piece of work to say
what would be ideal.
And when we look at our around our
competitors,
Between 90 and.
Yeah.
So between 90 to 100 pages,
that's very far from our 2,500.
So you can imagine how confusing it is
for customers that come there. We don't,
with this,
Vos team is investing so much time and
effort in building servicing features
which are needed,
and customers want to do this online,
but we just don't surface it in a way
that customers can find it very quickly.
That's a problem.
We want more leads as a business to
summit up also.
So Wainsworth needs to be serviced as
well. So service capability is important.
There's something we're not solving for
immediately as part of this scope of work.
It is something we have to solve for down
the line.
So we need to think about it and be
comments with it, but not yet.
So there's a lot about every customer we
spoke initially,
and this started in the web onboarding,
digital onboarding piece of work,
where we want to be able to transition
with the customer from public to secure
and create a light profile and stuff.
We will get to that.
That's not our immediate score. Also,
where customers want to be,
want to browse, compare,
and simulate decisions.
I think we got creative when we started
this piece of work and said,
we're going to do comparisons and we're
going to show things a certain way.
As I can't emphasize enough,
we got money for this year.
The piece of work needs to be done this
year. It's not only design this year,
and it's not only implementation this
year, it's shutting off the old law.
So we need to be off of that.
We only got funding for the sale,
so we're in a fortunate position. I mean,
there's a lot of other teams that want to
do things and it didn't get funny,
and the amount that we got for
thirty-four minutes is considerable.
So let's make the best of it.
We have the right people.
I am confident that the people we've got
on the call and in the room are the right
people to do the job.
I think it's been a struggle with us.
I think getting a few things running,
bringing in team members.
I think we had this running from last
year, one year on some.
I think a lot of that has been cleared
now and I'm confident as a team we're
going to get those done.
In the two days my ask is that please I
need your time and your efforts going
into the planning.
My expectation and what Gareth,
Marlana and I have been chatting about
and the way you're helping us is
We need to come out of this two days with
a very clear plan.
And a plan being this is the scope of
work,
because I think a lot of the times we get
overwhelmed by composure and we really
focus only on this stuff as the whole
migration.
We need to understand everyone's area
here of what you need to do to get this
thing done.
Get this thing done means life or
decommission as well.
Plus if there's any other things.
The one key thing we haven't focused too
much on,
and I think Bernice and Luvuyo shared
with me some work that you've done,
We aren't communicating clearly to our
business partners what work they need to
do, right? I think we clear them that,
yes,
there's a lot of content in our code that
we need to go review comment.
I think that is the message random.
What we also need to read these two days
with is to say what work we need on the
different business areas.
is clear in terms of our backlog,
but there are other servicing things that
we've identified.
It doesn't necessarily mean the owner,
but that's what we need to figure out.
Are there any other pieces of work,
anywhere else,
that requires corporate to do work,
insured to do work, eye wise, anyone else?
to work because we need,
I think Megan setting up those
discussions next week where the business
areas have attended our first vehicle and
they understand what we're doing.
They are.
They would like to support us.
The uncertainty they have is what are we
asking for when we're saying support?
Is it do you just want to contact someone?
Do you just want us to come and give you
information architecture?
Or do we actually have build work to do
as well that we haven't planned for that
we need to get? So in the two days,
we need to have very clear plans.
How are we going to get to the end state?
That is how do we move
everything across onto the new platform,
in the new experience,
plus break down the work to say,
apart from us in the room representing
the two areas and the people in the court,
who else needs to work?
Yeah, anywhere.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do have a go for it.
Maybe it might be something that is on
back later,
but I just to introduce the question,
because the need for automated,
would that be limited to publication like,
and that's going to extend to things like?
These are our problems because most of
the releases that we do at the moment are
done within a release window because of
regulatory requirements and so on and so
forth.
is the view that once we have migrated
some of these public business that they
don't really have anything that has to do
with like management of financing should
there be on a should be in a situation
where we can initiate automated
deployment.
At anytime.
It's my ask. So listen to me also,
I'm going to ask for a lot of things from
a platform perspective because I have to
think beyond web transformation in that
we are onboarding tenants as well.
But realistically,
what I showed you is the scope.
So if we have capacity,
I would really like those things to be
considered,
but that is not core to our migration.
We need it as a platform team for the
future of the platform.
It doesn't really form part of the scope.
So those things are, I would put it in a..
.
In the.
Not, they're not in the math test.
We need it,
but Nithin can do that overnight, also.
So,
and that's the other hat I expect you and
Nithin to be wearing in a session.
And not just from a technical side,
from my design side.
There are things that we should be
thinking about.
I think I've shared with the team of this
web transformation and the work that
we're doing today.
There's also the wider commercial model,
and I chose deliberately not to
Share the wave strategy in the session,
because I don't wanna confuse people,
because I found that when I share that
picture, then people start thinking.
in our next five year plan. And right now,
we've got first piece of work that we
really just need to unpack and plan.
But beyond this piece of work,
we really are setting up a platform as a
business that we want to offer in our own.
So we want to be a place where if you
want to set up a website,
you want to have a web presence,
we can offer you options.
You can either come
and build on one of our platforms,
or you can build your own standalone
website but leverage our platform.
The idea behind that is that we start to
have that commercial lens that people who
come and reside on our platform get to
leverage our infrastructure and we
generate some revenue from that.
So things we need to consider from a
design technical
is how do we make those things better?
How do you make it easier?
Think about when tenants come in,
the things we need are like guard,
guardrails, standards,
all of those things.
But one of the things that becomes key in
the design piece of work is also our
brand architecture.
So that when people come to us in future
and start saying,
I need to be on the top map,
We can guide people. So actually,
if you're a tenant, and yes,
this is where we think short term
insurance,
this is where we think education.
So we've got to think a little bit more,
although it's not part of the static.
So what I'm trying to say is future fit
the work we're doing also.
Don't do it in such a way that after this
year when we've
migrated or transformed or whatever it is
we want to use as the word,
that we have to start another piece of
work to start to look at future things.
So pull some of that in if we can.
But if we need,
we are going to need to have trade-off
discussions as well.
And that's why this plan becomes so
important. Because today we don't know,
like Luvuyo and I have taken,
an estimate of like, oh,
we sometimes based on how many journeys,
how many pages,
we think we're 24% of the way there.
We may not be there,
we may be 50% of the way there,
we may be 2% of the way there.
But that's why we need to start
communicating clearly to say,
we are only this percent away.
This is where we think we're going to end
up at the beginning of there are the
trade-off discussions that we can't have
any of those right now because we don't
have
That's why at least two days.
He got it, my face.
In the.
I need to make that much so before then I
go over and at the end of the year and I
just what what is the what is forcing us
to be migrated by contractual or is it
one of those?
So forcing us to do it this year is the
fact that we only have a budget
That's the main reason why we need to get
my race.
And not even the end of December guys,
like end of December is we are fooling
ourselves.
We're here long enough to know that
things hit at the end of November.
So that's my follow up question and it's
June. Yeah. So.
Have we really been down a narrow scope
to what we can actually deliver in five
months' time? Is that what we've got?
I hear you guys talking of thinking about
this and think about that.
I'm not sure we're in that movie.
I think we're at a movie of like maybe
you migrate with in five months time.
What is the MVP to get us there?
So I think from an MVP perspective,
the things we need to do is definitely
the navigational structure,
the new navigation structure with the
four simplified audiences that we've
identified,
as well as a secure web information
architecture and navigation structure
that aligns to public.
for those two sides. For the others,
we are meant to do some research and
propose an architecture,
an information architecture.
And this is where we've got to make the
call to say,
if we still need to do that design work,
how long is it going to take us to
actually go and have that discussion
today? Actually, maybe the other sides,
if we really want to make the sign line,
need to remove light
Make sure that everybody in the room.
Very clear, yeah.
Everyone play on.
I also have.
Any questions on the phone?
Because yes,
we say we can have over to Omar.
Omar doesn't have publishers.
So that means me,
even if we move life for life,
we still have to move Walking Cyclone and
SSA and the ones that we own in what we
look after. There is no other publisher.
And moving life for life isn't just
picking it up and putting it down and
switching it on.
You've seen how long it's taken.
Or I can give Malawi a Tusani and come
come over.
So, I'm worrying, there's no, yeah,
and yeah, if we are to living,
but even life for life is working out,
it's not just a switch.
And that's what I'm worried about,
is there isn't anybody in our Montana?
That's fine,
and that's what we need to put on our
plans is this dependency. Firstly,
we need to break down our plans, say,
what is the work that needs to be done?
Then we need to call out the dependency
so that we can start sequence work also.
There are some things I do believe,
and I'm going to push the discussion to
say, what can we do in parallel?
It doesn't take away from some of these
things, but we need to be clear.
They were dependencies and whatever we
need.
So it actually provides a clear picture
of where we are ending off.
So, that's the work we need to do.
Any other questions on Skype?
I see if the scope.
But I understand the pixel is all being
negotiated.
And I didn't even say that, like,
at the or the first, so is it at exchange?
Bad in.
It's done.
We need to in the two games, but...
on what's realistic.
If that is less than what we've committed
to in scope,
we need to identify that and that needs
to be managed out.
It doesn't help that we commit to that
realistic problem and we miss it and we
look like we don't know what we have.
So I would rather get a very realistic
understanding of what we can deliver in
five months time.
And Keshvi and I can go and have those
discussions exactly if that needs to be,
because, like, guys,
I don't want to be online,
because that's committing to things that
we can't do. Like, it's just,
we've seen it by everyone every day.
We failed,
and then we looked like we don't have to
be doing much. This is what we can,
and then we can have the discussion about
how do we next stagger the rest for 2027
and start now.
I know we have we have kind of going off,
we got funding this year, etcetera.
We realistically need to do what we can
in five months' time,
and then we can have discussions about
budget for next year.
But that would be my guide, and Keshvi,
you can give your video response if you
want to. Yeah.
My only thing is that it's a challenge to
get funding for these pieces,
so we have to be practical, and I am.
that we need to permit,
but load as much as we can.
So if we have to make some votes to say
something that is important,
then it makes certain way to add that.
But the bigger goal is that I don't think
there's an appetite to also be supporting
to that.
It's not going to be great from an
experience perspective,
from a technical perspective.
This costs me.
So I agree with Marlana,
it needs to be a realistic panel.
It also needs to be a very honest panel.
There may be questions in this room that
we don't have asked.
and let's call it out.
If we need to go ahead and get answers
from somewhere else, that's okay.
Or if we need to actually make a call now
in the two days and we make a call,
it's something you can do in this room.
But at the two days,
we need to take something that we are
clear on for this and we're comfortable.
I just want to add to that, Chris.
What we need to understand is
They do have that, yes, but if...
We can achieve more by getting an
additional skill.
We need to know that because then we need
to go outsource that additional skill.
If it doesn't help throwing more people
at it, then it's not.
You know what I mean?
Like the more people just come and dilute
the water, you know,
so we need to be clear on market.
What we need to achieve environments then,
yeah?
Ohh.
I.
All right.
I just want to check very quickly with
everybody online.
We changed over to a new camera audio hub.
Can you guys hear us okay?
Yes, I hear you fine.
Yes, Gareth, yeah.
Okay, so very quickly then,
in terms of what we're going to do for
the next probably hour or two,
is in terms of time boxing this,
we're going to do a quick 30-minute
exercise in the different streams.
So you want to put that up on the screen.
I need my shoes.
Toit.
That machine.
Age of technology.
Right,
so in terms of the different streams that
we have, we're all aware of what they are.
So we've got standards,
the standards and content,
which is Natalie and Justin.
We've got our design delivery,
which is SEBS and CAM. We've got
The features, which is TEBOGO and Wayne,
and then we've got execution,
which is Nithin, Z,
and then we've got publishing and release,
and and some testing,
which is which is Bernie,
and then obviously we are overseeing our
collaboration delivery across the teams.
And obviously we need to talk about BAU
as well, right?
And how the BAU fits into that world.
So what I was hoping to do just for the
next 30 minutes is if you could group as
a team and find a whiteboard and there's
some sticky notes.
and pins over here,
we're going to make a couple of key
thoughts around deliverables, constraints,
dependencies, risks.
call outs,
whatever it is that you want to jot down
just as a keynote or a thought in your
team.
And then what we're going to try and do
is whiteboard that a little bit just to
try and understand everybody's world.
And then we're going to get those teams
to come up and talk to their areas.
Obviously,
I know that you guys have done some
preparation.
I see Cam's already going to get out of
a Figma board there for us. Go camp.
And then we're going to talk about it,
and then we'll come back and discuss the
flow. We do have a bit of a flow,
a bit of a flow diagram,
and I'd like to try and go through that
flow diagram and see how the how the
different points that have been raised
fits in.
And then we're going to take that and
we're going to translate it
into a very detailed Excel document that
we've got, that have got clear tasks,
milestones, risks, and priorities,
timestamps,
and into the different team verticals.
And that should give us a very logical
flow, lead to light across business area,
but also across
the domains,
and we should be able to get an initial
view of where this thing might flow and
how it might fit together.
And then we can actually go into a more
refinement exercise where we'll actually
try and get to a critical path.
And then from that,
we'll get to an actual program plan.
Yes, Marlana. Sorry,
you wanted to say something. Anybody,
anybody got any thoughts on that?
Remember this, guys?
The purpose of the session is a working
session. Okay.
This is to come out of these two days
with a plan.
This is not a brief or a presentation.
This is about team collaboration.
Let's get around the boards and the
tables. Let's work it out and then
Let's get it on a page.
Everybody call it that.
I also want to ask, as you can,
it's always think about the end sites,
because sometimes we keep ourselves up by
just saying, "OK, I'm doing this, this,
" so also start thinking about the end,
you know,
because it gives us sometimes our
pictures are limited to this next week,
so the end is voted.
and then work from there.
I find that if you go work and join the
end,
you have to think of a little bit more
about what you do right now. Okay.
So, just to give you a very quick view of.
..
Not sure if you guys can't see that very
clearly, but nonetheless.
So we've got other areas here.
So we've got our channels. Obviously,
what we've discussed is to start thinking
around oncos first,
because oncos should be a model that we
can easily replicate.
across the other areas.
So if we have some sort of good cadence
around how we could tackle coasts,
we should be able to apply that to the
other areas.
What we then have is our different areas.
We've got design standards,
we then go to design delivery.
content readiness, feature delivery,
design systems, migration, publishing UAT,
and then we've got go live readiness.
And then obviously we do have,
which is very important,
SEO analytics and OMOS.
So what we're trying to in fact do is
is get an end-to-end view of how these
tasks, not only for the individual areas,
what the tasks are, who the owners are,
what the priority is, what the effort is,
how long it might take,
and who's responsible for it,
but then we can see it on the page and
how it starts to fit together.
But before we get into that detail,
I'd like you all to
We have some pens. There's also some.
I've got some charts here,
so if you guys want to make.
Make them special and know you design
people, you want to get creative.
We've got pink, we've got red,
we've got white, whatever.
We have to post and we have sticky notes
again if you want to stick them together,
you can do that. So we can actually take..
.
take some stuff away with us as well.
Okay, so we got it. Question, Mark. Yes.
I spoke to the other work today, like,
just say, is there a plan already?
So yeah.
Yeah,
I think and Wayne can work online right
together,
and then just come back and play,
play back to us, I think. Tobolco, Wayne,
are you guys comfortable with that?
You guys just change off into a breakaway
room or whatever.
A virtual breakaway room.
I just came back.
What are we comfortable with?
Everything.
So you're now totally responsible for the
delivery of the whole program.
Congratulations,
Louder!
you're our lucky winner for today. Oh,
maybe also, because we need to medicine.
I think I'll go back to where I came from.
When we come back,
maybe we can start with Wayne and for
hopefully any changes in the delivery
plans that take us two days.
OK, cool. So, are you guys, did you get,
did you catch that? Sorry, that thing,
I'm afraid, anyway.
Sorry.
Gareth, I had jumped off for a while.
There was something I needed to address
Yeah.
with the team. Can you just catch me up?
No problem, so,
so whatever you can then do.
Sure, no problem.
So what we're going to do is we're going
to time box it 30 minutes.
We're going to break into our different
teams and just go through a part of a,
well,
I suppose a whiteboarding session where
we're going to jot down some key thoughts,
risks, dependencies, call outs,
deliverables, milestones,
just anything that you need to put on a
sticky.
so to speak.
I know that you guys have got plans
already, but we can, when we come back,
we can start,
you guys could take us through that.
But essentially,
this is to get the teams together into
the different verticals and just start
whiteboarding some of the key thoughts.
And then what we'll do is we'll come back
and we're going to try and refine those
into a working document that we have.
We also have other tabs on there,
which is a raid logger, action log.
a decision log, etc.
So we're going to try and break these up
into the pieces,
but essentially get the flow from intent.
Okay.
Okay, are you cool with that, Poloko?
Yes, yes, thank you.
All right, great. Thank you very much.
So it's now 20 past.
We'll be back in 30 minutes. Well,
we'll reconvene in 30 minutes.
Hey, people, we are.
What I had done is there some sticky
stuff,
so if you want to stick your stick your
sticky, then you can do that. Wow,
we really need sticky. Yeah,
there are posters as well,
so there's no box in here.
Really seems quite fortunate,
but I think because we have so much.
I think that we actually wait.
I use them. I use them daily.
No, no, no, no.
But, you know, on the stage, yeah.
We have condensated.
So, what is it? It feels,
because missing an election. Yeah,
because we have a picture of that,
so open this.
Why don't keep this initiate with your
boss?
And I have it because they they have the
cheaper. It's the old requirement.
I would do that.
I guess the conversation is that it have
to be like that. It is also.
Because the marketing,
and you guys are paying. Yeah, I mean,
that's precisely.
We've both played our scholars,
essentially.
We have parents arrangements in. Well,
actually, he showed a picture,
and he said, by 2021, it'll be like,
other way, what are we doing now, and
Like, so I think, yeah, go ahead.
Because a large part of it may be
configuring the start by getting it,
getting it, not,
but if we don't start getting those
insights, then we don't see.
Okay, yeah, I can, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but I think my biggest worry is.
It's okay. I think. Yeah,
I'm not touching.
Okay.
I think that I have to deliver.
And it took us a little year and a half
to build on it for all of you to deploy,
so, so,
and then that's why there's no one I can
I have been before, let me know.
see, that's why I'm seeing, yeah,
but I think, yeah, well,
I'd like to train something like,
you want, yeah, but what, all those parts,
and then...
I can't do that, so it will, yes,
it will help.
I also don't know. I was thinking.
Takes a while to cook a hotel.
Which one is the one that you you buy?
I also don't know what's the new campus,
and that's why I've said you're taking
two hours to go one.
Yes, but there's nothing to do now,
and that's a problem.
Parisa.
I'm liking you.
But unless we get some staff,
then we start picking up more with the,
Understand, because...
yeah, there's the, and then you,
and that will help with more.
Thanks.
And we say one person,
and then we can start.
We bring in the conversation. Yeah.
We bring in two people. Yeah. It's very,
very. And that was.
Yeah, no, they.
So, I think, without this, I think, yeah,
we discussed something. No, it's not.
My time.
Do you like to say that things, my,
my worry is that.
You know what? It kind of like that.
I think that is the answer,
that's the answer.
But we need to at least do this work to
see which that is.
Yeah, or we at least.
Next year. Yeah.
So I just we don't send this out.
We can't actually go south. Yeah,
it's a rain. I would say I can't do it.
And I think it'll be some other life.
Yeah.
So, I'm just going to take that.
It's holding on, so whatever it possible,
yeah.
Without going to have conversations.
This is the. This is the.
This is keeping quiet.
Even if it was going today, I would.
I said, "Listen, we need things.
We need you to be comfortable with the
idea,
if we can't do it by the end of the year.
Get comfortable with the people now. So,
they're saying it's like, and that's it.
Yeah, that's my biggest, like I want to.
And so, so we need her also,
because those are the things now,
what we need to extend around the user,
something like, instead of like,
and these are the things, yeah, yeah,
yeah, so,
so what Janine is going to do is, is,
is this how...
Yes, yeah, because, like I said,
the BAU takes up a lot.
We're writing off 14 facts. So,
we get somebody to help with the BAU.
That's really right. It's too quietly.
What would be nice is someone who also
understands our environment. Yes.
Who is that?
If who do you think you thinking of?
Has she been here before? Yes.
No, and and you know what?
There was a reason she left,
I'm just saying. Sometimes,
sometimes people, like we always.
Has she recently left again for the
second time?
Then we might not be thinking of the
sentence.
Oh, God, please. Yes, yes. I'm not saying,
please. I'm just saying that.
I'm just saying that it doesn't contract
events.
I, yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I just, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, you know.
No, actually, we, we, so, so, so, so, so,
so, so, so, so, so that's what I thought.
But, yes, because she already.
What I'm saying is she already wanted to
be conjugate here because she used to
cover for that. So,
she's not the upskilling is not that. Yes,
exactly. Yeah. And then we,
so it's not just a, it's,
it's working on health.
And this is what I want to get on today.
We smart pressure points so that we can
start helping.
Solutions, yes,
that's what I want to get help with,
'cause I'm not, I mean,
what we entered that then, ohh,
that's what it was crazy, it was like...
Full on. As I said,
I'm not putting my body and mind through
that. It was what I was doing.
So I thought that's why. Yeah,
we can always waste the pressure of this.
Yeah, I'm working on the solution. Yeah,
but also. I want to.
I was just wondering, maybe just.
I have to.
Hi. Nice to meet you. Thank you. Hello.
Thank you. Thank you.
Say, no, no.
Good afternoon. I hope this is good.
Good job, old school, BC. Hi there, Frank.
How can I get out there? Oh,
I see you around. Thanks guys.
Yeah, you're welcome. I was, I was, I was,
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was,
I was, I was, I was, I was thinking, OK.
Thank you, thank you.
You.
What?
Hello, good morning, good morning.
Good on you. Look at that three.
Look at that three. I hope that. So, yeah,
it's going to be coming in. Yeah.
Oh, good point. Enable. Enable. Yes,
your office is on that. No.
But you see,
but definition need to have all your.
I now want my item together.
I hear that point, but OK, then that,
but then they'll be done.
So, I think each one will ask.
Wait, let's define that. I would do,
so they, yeah, find it around.
How do we treat the stem outside?
How do we, yeah?
Two layers.
I think it's the...
Analytics, et cetera,
which is that it was thinking about a
domestic government.
Let's say a tenant has consumed our
governments, right?
They have their own team, etcetera,
then also to us.
Maybe. Yeah. I see. I see. I see. I see.
I see. I see. I see. I see what you do.
Yeah, it's a difficult. I'm going to.
Multiple questions before, before,
so just after.
Because it's that's after the end,
we're allowed to take one, I can, yeah,
if I'm, I'm gonna to see, yeah,
so it's like, these are the rules, okay,
and those are the standard rules,
so I think it's usually the rules,
the rules, and like in that.
They know what they used to be, but yeah,
and then there's just governance people.
So, once we articulate,
we have all these foundational elements
that you can say,
and then there you go with the internet.
Please go, go.
What is power in ensuring that is the
type here? Go get your copy. Yeah,
there we go.
Thanks.
For.
Hold on. No, no, no.
We'll use your feedback to say, hey,
this is great.
So we'll start off to go through
approvals and then maybe we just feedback.
Well, other way.
Okay, feedback.
Nice.
There we go. We should.
I don't know if brain was treated as a
separate, but I think.
Just remember even with that. Yeah, yeah.
I hope today.
I hope today there's not even that's all.
Only. I think they're over 100.
So these are the foundations. Thank you.
Yeah, that's OK. Yeah, I'm summing up,
yeah.
Yeah.
So, these are the foundations we need to,
and then does the actual work of here,
but most of the work that maybe.
What does that look like in a very high
number?
Cool,
because then I think that's where we can
start breaking down things like that.
Let's let's break it down on. Yes. So,
yeah, that's important.
It's expectations actually.
Yeah. Yeah. And we got it.
I think we need to.
I'm just thinking just.
Don't forget anything that Rooyen wanted
to have.
So, we have.
We spoke about another project.
So,
it will start with some as soon as we
want to make comes in.
It will start with some form of
discussion. Yes,
that's the entire all the way to Busisiwe.
Excellent. Let's do that.
Special.
You.
And I need to search.
Exactly.
The problem is discovery and we need
there just to be sure how a view of.
It's not existence. It's quick competitor,
whatever.
But it will be to help us perform this.
Who? All of this is not.
Cool.
I would assume, with discovery,
also be also six, almost, yeah.
We kind of finding out there is this is
where we act from a current performance
perspective,
and then we go into the design.
I think we need to outline what that is.
Thank you.
I'll get you.
So that would be...
Yeah.
Foundation piece within this.
Yes, I think it would be a consolidation,
yeah, design will be design,
design will have to be finished,
so if your comes on the definition file,
that means you have to,
so this actually basically.
So, this is when I look at the page.
Lay out.
It's contrary to see the whole
conversation. So we need to think of.
Thanks. Yeah,
so this is the one that I'm saying.
This one, yeah, this one, yeah,
this is the one, this is the one,
it's all the rest it's investigating,
it's all understanding.
Yeah, I would like to bring the the time,
see the help of the same students,
and then actually get the secure ones.
And they have the digital.
There's a lot of. I think this one.
And you, all my computers, of course,
you are. It looks like an invisible line.
So, I like straight from here down.
I knew I can count as well. I don't know.
I started in high school and and you and
I never.
Because, remember,
one part that we need to be confused here
is that I don't think it can be.
The only reason why I say that is because
then are we just saying that after design
is after design?
That means if there's any confidence that
happens,
does that mean that we're back to?
Because remember,
we take the message back to the
stakeholder,
so they need to give us those things. Yes,
we need something to,
so we are showcasing to our stakeholders
back, whatever we can, it's not a.
Yeah, I love that.
Yeah, so then we have to be,
I don't think you, thank you,
thank you for that, yes, yeah,
so you want to, we've got to spend.
We can use it, because it could be,
it could be leveled, it's leveled,
so it's, it's, it's, it's,
so we actually have.
And, so, so, so, so, yes, two separate,
there's a review, like, and then,
under review, list the different times,
yes, because they, we assume,
if we can take, yes, but this is.
This year is a point one.
So we should have done this.
But how are you? We were need that.
I just have to keep coming backwards and
forward so. I don't know.
So, nothing's there. How do you get this?
I don't think any of the doesn't get
anything behind it. So,
like let's say you're having health,
but you could say.
It's so then that's as we come back to
see if they can inject back into the
payload and see what comes back. OK,
so there there's ways to get it shouldn't
have. So stakeholder is, yeah, yeah,
the other thing that like you get
stakeholder.
Like, do you do the work for,
if you have a link that local files,
someone injects something in between
those two, because it's on your page,
which is the information,
as long as you find, you said, yeah,
public pages, you know,
within app and everything, yeah,
that will also probably need to be
covered, so...
That layer, that's great enough. So,
we can't have any open.
I told just because of where we are not,
because those can be piggybacked in the
application. Yeah, I mean, we can.
That's a good question, like,
how are we going to run this? It's like,
it's like, it's like, we update.
So, by the time,
so that's why in the columns,
that was a backlog.
This is what it still is going on,
but it's not going on,
but it's not going to be discussed.
But, but, but, yeah, it is a,
and register,
as soon as we start separate, it's a.
So, that means we're gonna have to,
I'm back in the staff, man. She's good,
right? Yeah, I'm like, I'm like,
okay guys,
just a thought while you guys are busy.
We'll take some guided lead from the
design team over here in the corner,
who seem to have started applying it to
some sort of sequencing, logical order,
and a bit of a roadmap view.
I think that'll bode really well for our
next parts of our conversations in terms
of where do these fit.
things fit in, how do they fit together,
and what is the kind of logical flow.
So if you could potentially start
sequencing a little bit your thoughts
around some of the things that you've
captured. It can be it can be high level,
we can we can talk through it and as we
go refine it,
but just to get some sort of sequencing
would be a great idea.
Thanks.
How much time do you have?
And we have about 11 minutes.
Wow. OK. Yes, security.
We would have followed this.
So then are we then finding Hassan works
again.
Yeah, Megan.
It, it, it, because every time we design,
hey, this really looks too great.
And I think I have this parentheses. Yeah,
for the Sunday. I may one as well.
So they may not,
they may house different sides together.
So you only put only specific each
product house and remember when asked.
business units section. That's my notes.
So then we have to start making. Guys,
this is the direction we go,
so that you can come to.
But you see,
even though it wouldn't have a foundation
for us, we have to invest in this data,
another four people.
Really, yeah, because there is a really,
there needs to be a brand,
I don't know if it's kind of a foundation
of students, right?
The the application do it now,
our visual perspective, but it could be.
Yeah, so we can get him to sign,
because that is, exactly,
and it really depends, but it is, it is,
it's, it's, it's independent.
And then we might as well like put up
compliance as well. I understood.
It's a witness.
It was trying to answer the education for
whether the student focus is going to be.
This is where,
this is where we put the funding into it.
Hundred percent, yeah, got you. So,
you only need to get one. Yeah, for that.
Is that all?
There's a standard piece where we say
this is what we do from a standard to a
flag across the board,
and in any of the section,
there is an actual writing,
based on who's issuing.
I dropped out of the first time I've
written anything down, maybe four months.
No, I lied, I lied.
I had to pull in the police support.
I stole my phone. There we go.
That was 2 weeks ago, my answer.
Yeah,
and for when we're going to approve those
files, so it will add final.
Also, that is that, yeah.
Yes.
Which, in itself, has an evolution, right?
Have you got the, the, the, the,
so they need to have to be designed,
it's based on, yeah, people,
as far as that I see, it's, it's,
we can this one.
Hey, guys, two, 3 minutes. Can I wrap up,
please? We have to add the cycles.
Do you need a bit more time?
I think we should.
I think about 15 minutes. Can you talk?
OK, guys, yeah, yeah.
This is it.
It will be done the study. OK, OK,
because I need to take some pictures and
then. So I take your pictures.
So, the, so,
that's why I'm working with the generals,
the generals are fine,
and there's somebody more,
but it's not selected, yes,
and one time he says we're going to do
the feature.
Can you do how many help? Please,
across the board. So,
we need to do it as a senior team,
and tracking basically everything. Yes,
and then these ones you can,
they'll help define that.
My question is that we move everything,
yeah.
But just,
I think we may need to worry about the,
because we just want to set,
and we're not giving any features,
anything. No, we need to.
Yeah, okay, that's also a good question.
So, it's like, yeah, it's a design system,
it's a DS team, so it's everything is fun.
Yes, I think that's still, yeah,
we're done, so everything, yeah, yeah,
we need to call them on,
so that we can talk them, yeah, exactly.
So, most of the,
that's what you're saying.
So, just making sure we call that, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
So, for me,
I'm just talking about the page. No,
it's a couple of this week. Actually,
didn't have the. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
Yeah, and everyone said that, because we,
we should someone implement through this
entire flow. The thing is,
even if it just needs to,
so I think we might.
So,
that's all we currently work is the page,
and we have to find that attribute,
that was, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
it was, it was basically everything,
she just put it, put it in the,
so if it's the name of structural,
all of that stuff is on this side.
No, no, in theory, we should be right now,
so basically, but, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a big,
big, because...
So,
you didn't understand is that for the
calculate in terms of, but, and that's it,
that's it, that's it,
and that's why I had it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
so we need a discovery at that point,
so I think we can work from one, so...
Yeah, OK, just for the first information.
I think you can say,
but I think we've done everything.
We've done everything.
No, but that was the science discovery.
It was under discovery,
but it's not explaining the science. Yeah,
yeah, I've done it. Yeah, yeah, we paid.
Yes, and Rapiya approved it. So, yes,
if we, if we could.
But also, I know that, and yes,
there would also have to be a level of
going in and checking, and the problem is,
I know, and I don't know,
and this is where it is. So, whatever you,
essentially, you feel.
Well, they, they don't every field,
but there'll be a state of educating,
so there must be a, there must be a,
there'll be a copy signing sort,
make sure that the vote is,
but you may not,
because they also have been,
so that's a process.
I mean, that is it would be great.
Every time, Kevin,
you can follow in the training.
We do base three, we do base three.
Yes, so we were not seeing that,
but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not correct.
It's in the need for dining products now.
Two months per month. It can be a week,
but it's in the end of the question.
So,
but I need one of the projects and their
one. This is in the full state. So,
design. OK, is there a few.
Then they choose to allow,
because it's a few different slides.
That's been two years at the moment.
The last one is,
you're going to go from Newfound to test,
and then you're going to get articles,
and you're going to look at the language.
Yeah,
that's not going to have stakeholders. So,
one is design career.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
Yeah, which is later, I can see, yeah, OK,
and then the action, yeah, so it doesn't,
the angels come, yeah, you go, you go,
yeah, so just decom to Becky, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so then she. OK,
so that's what I think, yeah. OK, so.
But that's what the basis had looked at.
It looks like Malachi. OK,
so I think you are.
They are number three.
That's why I started losing my brain.
We haven't talked about security yet.
I don't think.
Yeah, but this is, this is your debate.
I think we should talk about this
conversation, and talk about it. So,
how do I see you? Let's see our changes.
So, if we need to, you know,
this is how the secrets work.
I can see it. I should take care of it.
Yeah, but when we do stockposer and.com.
And then.
This guy, you guys, yeah.
This is my question,
and the piece of government. Yeah,
so we have to wait for the. So,
then you come here, right? Yes, as always.
They asked for a little bit more time.
We got about 9 minutes left.
I'm taking a day yet,
that's why we asked you prep work.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Is it been designed?
OK, cool. I'll talk about it. OK, cool.
It's something. I get it.
So which thing was the. Strawberry,
ideation, and.
What did you say?
Those are those have not been.
We need requirements.
They need to know about this,
so to be feared. We need requirements,
because this is maybe right.
I think you might have to.
And that's not what we do,
because we can also with a network of
design,
we can do so in parallel with the
problems that design the thought of in
terms of the shortest problem we are in
the design.
This is, this is, I publish an audio,
it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a,
I was like, I had, I had,
I had another one,
I had to show them this.
And this is where we keep looking.
Yeah, so, so, so, so, so, so, and then.
We should. So this is the issue.
We have the tuition. So yeah,
we'll be looking. That's why I'm standing.
I keep everything.
Yeah, I mean, I submit everything,
even when the RPRTs are like,
because keep track of the,
or I should change the teams,
put it in our work tickets, yeah, yeah,
yeah, but this is way, this, this, this,
yeah, we don't need to be over here.
The push is stepping back and see, like,
because, again, and that, again,
it must be, yeah, just please remain it,
yeah, yeah, if you could send the email,
so, and I will do so,
I want to make the assumptions, actually,
they want to do that, I need one,
actually.
That's been signed off, but this is great,
even though you can get a requirement,
it will be, it's an entirely to this one,
this, this cycle,
it's going to be a cycle, and so,
what is that? I do, I do, I do, I do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I think that has started in progress,
but we do have, so, yeah,
so that this might be also,
we have the same things,
because now I think that's the, the, the..
.
That system as a,
but that would have some change,
and that's like I probably in the
workshop. Yeah, yeah,
it's doing window shape,
because there's no way we can do this
just superficial.
Hold on, remember foundations, right? So,
we say design is possible for the
foundation,
so this is where to put in place to
unlock the language,
so we only do this one. Yeah. So, in here,
we would have to find the new template,
et cetera. That's also true. So,
when you go into the stream,
you don't need to come back.
I think the only one.
That's a pretty standard point.
There could be additional templates in
the new section, but that is, that is,
yeah,
there's a foundation that has everything
at this, whatever comes in currently.
There are pages and ideas with all these
foundations and these are the structural
things,
but it is also we need to roll out across
the board. So,
you might consolidate still the
confinement.
I'm just going to say that as far as
possible.
That's what you know,
so that's in my language. Thank you.
So,
it's tricky because this is going to be
like having changes, but then,
and if you put that as one about design,
discovering design,
so that they need to actually.
And it's a redesigned requirements,
but the list of the page, it's so weak,
but the page and so depending on how
we're doing.
section,
the only one that I haven't filled in as
well. I think it basically needs it.
It has, you know, so that's it.
And then waiting, yeah, I don't.
And obviously that's until.
So, the ones that I read,
I'll continue to have a switch about this.
They exist like that. They're existing,
so they haven't been.
So, if I, if I pull a page,
that's just what we did,
and then rewrite something,
so we just have a little bit.
Is this right? So,
if we if we go through this page, yeah,
it could need one page, I mean,
so I can build the page, all the way,
but yeah, but if you have this gap,
which I assume will be a series of other.
So, according to the page,
it has some background,
and a page that's requiring a brand new,
but again, remember,
we have a majority of people here, yeah,
and we'll be in the following,
and here we should still be in, yeah,
this is.
Prince. Thank you. Thank you. So,
that's a good caption of taking pictures.
So, yeah, yeah, yeah, in particular, so,
because the web team initially,
there is no, there's no tech team.
OK, so I'll just put you page over,
then then take pictures, yeah.
Because what I'm saying is,
if they are teams outside the league,
we can't default. Yeah, you saw it on the,
you can't, you can't, that's a, that's a.
Walls outside of our. Yes, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
So, that clicks,
I don't want to check for this changes,
so it's still, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, I don't know what was this,
because they might not be in,
so I wouldn't think it's...
And, but I think that's part of the ball.
It's part of the ball.
Trying to inspect this number.
Maybe the branch location.
The branch location is on a good place.
Find an advisor and search memory. Search.
Because the design system is like the
courier, we are also responsible,
we still, this is actually clear that.
It comes out of the contents that is put
into that. So, one of the.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
this is just a general.
This is just a general,
so we need to look into the unpacked in
the scope. OK, these are the pages,
so I have one page, so it's ready to go.
And it's working.
So there's a lot to remember,
this is a this is a definition of where
you can be handed over to at that point.
In this relations,
there's the goal for me, but we put the.
But they pay the vote to investors.
Maybe it is part of something that we can
see.
Then I've got the sign up for corporate.
Other ones, yeah, so, so, so, so, so, so,
yeah, and you got, you got, and, yeah.
And that's it was a CSA in the same, yeah,
so it's a CSA, and then it was a one.
But it's quite similar to Georgia.
So there's unclaimed benefits for the
visa,
and there's unclaimed benefits for the
future,
but maybe they don't want to talk to us.
But who is the team?
That's the discussion.
I think these are the things that,
to figure out, it may come back,
I'm not thinking about,
because we need that all sorts of
pictures.
This is something that we were things
followed down, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, but then yeah, it's fixed,
and then they have,
and then when something goes wrong,
so this is like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
so when you go down to...
I think we said,
even though there is what you mentioned
earlier on the fact that,
is it still again? No, non migrated,
the technical, the the.
Because those sites might not have been
migrated, they just pay the most,
and the reason I say it's them is because
when when there was a switch and they
didn't change that,
it just came down because it wasn't
working in there and go live.
I just wanted to get help. Exactly.
So I know nothing.
That's where I'm going with it. Well,
the thing is that, yeah,
I didn't change my name,
I mean my name for them on that, yeah,
I was working with them,
they were working on the same thing,
and then I changed one and like,
can you see it now?
No. I can do the one.
I know which one it is. Ranger.
The peers of this is Aviwe.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because if we,
I just, I would say,
if she doesn't probably.
If something else is in, this blank on,
she is,
you mean like checking out somewhere out,
yeah, like touring the, I think we did,
is this also?
Just.
Yeah, just to pull up the state.
The event of buying our journey is really
important. If it went to shoppers,
that was in the traffic. Also,
we need to get.
Next to other John Show. Show.
Show wants to. Show.
I'm sorry for Journey again. Simon Show.
OK, so yeah, that's in the back.
To be honest,
I haven't really updated that one,
but I can decide and make that.
It's if it can, then I'm tied to that,
even if it goes down, yeah, yeah,
that's the next item. Personal with us,
yes, which all of these.
So, like, I'm sorry, you said this.
I'm just bringing these guys. Well,
this is the six days, yeah. So,
we need these community and people that
need to be content as a person. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, that's true.
No, they used to have, so it's, yeah,
so it's less, so, for example, yeah, so,
for example, messages.
They don't check out, it's just the,
it's like a mini site,
but I don't think on post, yeah,
and it's very, very,
I think business also has to ensure.
But then, this is because there's,
you know, there's, there's, there's,
there's, you do, you do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's another difficult to this.
Yeah. So, you say if the least follows,
and every how do you end up? So,
the least requires that. Yeah.
It has to be there. Yeah. So, it should,
yeah.
So,
this is designed to even understands now.
It's true that our national union,
but this should have been an action. So,
if that's.
To view the value check,
we have to see it with waste and capacity
issues. Double check this. So,
let's see a message.
What was what I'm also trying to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, but we, yeah,
yeah, yeah, but other things now,
if the templates were.
Because we do not have the timings,
as general, I think,
are getting different than each problem,
so I say we can run on with this.
It's almost like you can't just keep the
structure because I see it's what they
strategy of what they want on those pages,
so it's not,
it's actually they have to treat each
section by section,
which product by product,
so you've got some products are
configurations and other products are
products, so we can, as far as possible,
yeah, the only thing I'm worried about,
we are here, we can move anything.
How do you take the URL structure to
generate the design?
Because every page obviously needs the
URL. So how does that?
I remember when we did your current
assessment comes in,
they reported from a lot of these things,
a lot of these changes because of the
data, the many sections in terms,
but we also had to go in and manually
check everything.
No,
we just took a lot of the program of
weird programs,
a lot of people have to go through all
different business as well, and insecure,
secure the time. So, the date at the time,
is it a transcript? Yes.
That may be something else, yeah, yeah,
so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, or whatever, like that, yeah,
yeah, that's publishing on Scott was,
so that's just very nice.
That is potential, yes. Yeah,
based on past experience,
you should have if you go out in the
machine. So, you're on.
I'm expecting you to ensure that you go
back. Sorry, yes.
Yes, something that. That's what I want.
Yeah.
It was the impression that we should have.
Yeah.
Yeah, and then.
Exactly. I have to have something other.
But everything under that I think it
needs to be.
So, we need that decision.
It's almost like a decision making.
There we go. Unlock or unblock us. I mean,
I guess it's like, it's well,
it's going to be.
And so, what they need, right? Sorry,
I'm sorry, another 10 minutes, yeah,
because they are 10, so the, the, the, so,
yes, there's a only button,
the other buttons.
just linking up something else.
But it might not be,
there might be a button that's linking to
another page within the end.
Can you speak to this too much? No.
I think that we have a page that's
handled.
The internal one. Yeah, we have. Yeah. So,
when it comes to the, obviously,
that's something it could be.
I haven't done that.
This is a link,
that's what you're thinking, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because they,
yeah, you just say, yeah, they,
they know how,
and they should make sure that, that's,
and I'm like, as well, hopefully,
and I'm trying to, you know, I'm not.
Whatever links link back to composer,
so solution can you do whatever,
and still those needs to be a thing,
because you don't want to rely on the
video. So,
if we can't link out the solutions for
you, it's not actually,
and now it's personally personal.
Invest in tax free savings. You know,
to securely change the link to invest in
tax free,
not rely on the bid RA and keep the older
solution.
That makes sense, because if something,
if redirects go down,
all those things are, and it's not,
it's not best practice, yeah,
so they will, for that also have to be,
that's why,
because there's so many hyperlinks in our
page, yeah, and they go in.
Because what is the same? Yeah,
we need to find that government. No.
This will be, this will be, this will be,
this will be, this will be.
What's that?
It's something to do with that,
but we need to,
I think it's been a long year, so manual,
so to drop that back.
So, and then, there is,
I can work on this, so,
and the countries for all this together.
But they're confident is one of the kids
in, but it's fine,
but we're asked about the actual,
but I was hoping to switch out one second,
on the other, on the other, on the other,
on the other, on the other.
Just be violation, because their features,
their features are secure,
they are pretty secure.
I think they have promotions in the
public services. They have got the public,
all the transactions, similarly nothing.
What is the next section going to do?
Sorry, just to remind you. Sorry,
say again. The next session,
what are we going to do?
We're going to talk through our areas.
As teams present back. OK,
present back to everybody. No, no,
everybody.
You're going to present your sections to
the whole, to all the teams. Yeah, so.
It's pretty much start with design,
design system, and publishing,
and go like this is done.
What is the definition of that?
We're going to take a 10 minutes.
If you want to grab a copy. So, OK, guys,
it's twenty-two 11,
which is about back at 10-2, please. So.
for the other side.
My bag.
With the cake, I need a phone.
I put something there, thanks.
Anybody wants a copy? I mean,
there's nothing to help. Wonderful.
Are they Brent? Nothing. Sorry.
That's why actually you were getting
caught. I understand.
Why don't you just say identify the LGT?
Thank you.
It's, but it's not changed, you know,
we'll just ask Tyler to, yeah,
so it's not changed, so, wow,
let's go now.
So, it is, it is, it is, it is, so they,
they want to combine.
It was, it was, you can trust the address.
Two of them are sitting in the one page
with tabs, so,
but now you're saying that no one in the
queue,
or your transformation in this background.
Is this dealing with the typical
migration?
Trying to get a complete right,
then I just go to get from there,
then somebody come in, so we're done.
Resource management.
But invest in the nice thing.
So it was a business go through is the
thing is that it's moved the crossword.
It's a tough. It's too much in there.
It's like design, content, standards,
design systems,
and then you've got to execute,
and then you go into publishing,
then you can only go to.
and then decommission if you want to
parallel, actually,
so that you are switching off while
cutting out. So,
it comes up with a split stream,
a split stream on that.
You should start to design systems over
there, so you have to touch a port.
So you can hear everyone else,
but the other now goes now, so what about?
And then also consultation,
so that should try to get.
I understand,
but I think it was an awesome.
So, I mean, that's what that is.
So, yeah, for example, so this one,
so they have tracking,
so everything is tagged inside,
but what is tagged at a...
Today, so many differences,
while site at the top level,
but I think it's Ted prepared to say,
I need to.
They told me that.
So we've tagged put together slash wealth.
Yeah, so I'll say, yeah, I'll say, yeah,
see,
we need to define pattern for all
features. Yes. So,
what I've said is it is customer
experience and check notification.
So, that one,
that kids were gonna say guys are always
talking to go.
Okay.
I guess, yeah.
Bew.
So what can you say?
I can see why. I was.
I was going to the justice.
Everything quiet.
Like, in some of the, so,
but this area here is used to this area
was used, so,
so this one is for the middle of the
phone, what they call the school for now.
Probably we've gotten those. We were.
We don't. So it's terrible.
If I can, everything,
so this project is like, yeah, OK. So,
you can, yeah, it's like a,
so there's one side in the front,
the front work, everything.
Up these tenants, block 456 tenants,
then 7-8 pounds. So,
if you look up and see.
We need to consider this block here.
What I notice now, this block here,
is about the stuff in three, 4, 5.
What a big cut in it.
The other village of the class.
Yeah, 4, 5, 6,
and that is the old building. Yes, so 4,
5, 6, 7, 8. So, all of us,
and if you see our office,
they are still in place in the six more.
So,
we're like pillars and something with
different opposites. This is just it.
I will show you some of the floors.
This is.
And I could do all that.
But.
How is the phone?
A.P.C.T.E.F. Chop it,
so they took all the way to that way. So,
like we show you,
so I'll show you some ideas.
Hey, so, so, so, yeah, essentially.
In the back. Yeah, so that's what we took.
It takes it back. Sorry, those two things,
though, that's why.
It's on the other side.
It's on the other side. Oh my God.
It's not. It's a massacre.
And then it's like the fields.
But they did not. It's not. It is.
It's sold a lot open.
It never told him that. But I think it's.
What is that?
I think that's what I would say, and then,
like,
this phone and look at all this phone
boards like, yeah.
Oh, you come in.
There's no reason to leave until you have
to go home. Yeah, it's welcome to I think.
Until we get home.
And we see the fun.
Yes, I see. Thank you.
Thank you so much. Thank you very much.
It's like a half a mound dog.
It was like a contest sitting together.
I love you.
I think if there was any callbacks.
I don't want to be. I don't want to be.
I don't want to be honestly not.
The having a morning.
Going straight to 10.
There's also four strategic.
There's this is strategic.
How much rewards is strategic? Is this is?
Do you mean that they're voting on the
Desai or that in the VP? So,
I can show you that.
I can be on top of this.
There's no subject.
I know you understand we have to start
taking on this work. So. I know.
Yeah, thank you.
I can only do this thing this year,
but that's why I have such anxiety.
I can't be sleeping this part. No, I know.
It's like if you take each other really
really exciting things and people want to
have all the things,
you can make such a big difference
sometimes,
but you like a 20% year of them with 10%
to that person and 10% in that person.
For the quality of Microsoft, yeah, yeah,
thank you so much for it.
It changes.
I don't know why you're still sleeping.
I see. Yeah, you. Very much.
I agree.
This is a you can see when this is done.
Okay, sure. This is abuse.
I think about my first.
I just thought.
Show us that there, guys.
Push your parties,
push them abroad and see.
We will not be in.
You know, we just had the time.
Let me just talk to Megan now.
But you got.
How are we doing?
Okay.
You, you, you.
What do you mean?
No, I think it's the right one,
but it's a recent, so we have to have,
like, this is so funny,
but it's fantastic to be.
It's just a temperature,
you might not have it.
Yeah, but we need to, exactly.
Was it not booked for today?
It says booked, but there's not one there.
That is what people do. They have to read,
so they cancel it.
It wasn't available for the whole day;
I think it was two.
Two bookings,
and it couldn't be a weird person.
Project for tomorrow, I think. Yeah.
I'll keep it all back. Remembering.
The last time I was building, I was there.
The last time I bought SA.
Everybody online, are you still with us?
Can you hear us okay?
Yes, that is all good, Desai.
Is is.
OK, thanks. On my screen, the volume.
Yeah.
Um,
that just have have those pictures and
notes and stuff come through.
Yes, Gareth, thanks. Thanks, mate.
I started to capture them in the stream
inputs tab on our sheet.
Yeah, that's great. Wonderful. Okay,
so guys,
what we're going to do now is we're
literally going to step through this
thing step by step, right,
through the different engagement points.
I mean, obviously,
what Brent and I were chatting about just
now was, you know,
all these big areas of things happening,
but no clear flow.
of process, of requirement,
of constraints, of technical requirements,
dependencies, etc. So obviously,
we start over here with design and
content.
Content design, let's be more specific.
And then we go to design systems.
And then from design systems,
we go to execution.
And then, from execution,
we go to publishing. From publishing,
we go to go live and cut over all
migration. Obviously,
what we do need to just chat about very
briefly,
something myself and we were chatting
about is...
want to switch off from the old as
quickly as possible, right?
So one of the primary deliverables,
primary mandates of this program is
decommission. Okay, so...
You know, obviously,
one would think that you want to
decommission at the end,
but we're talking about decommissioning
at the same time as deployment.
So when we cut over,
we want to decommission the old at the
same time.
So there's a parallel process somewhere
in the middle instead of at the end.
So let's just bear that in mind.
And then also,
when we start to talk about
So we're going to do it conceptually
first,
just to go through the different areas,
and then I think we'd actually like to
take a step back and say, right,
now that we understand the flow,
what does it look like for Oncosa?
What does that look like for Oncom?
What does it look like for Omol?
And then try to get a sort of better
understanding of the different verticals
that make up
The delivery plan,
and I think at the end of that,
we should have a fairly good idea.
at a 50,
000 foot view of what this looks like.
The key call out here,
what I'm going to ask the leads to do is,
when you're presenting back to the teams,
is to please be very clear on not only
the process, but key constraints,
dependencies and risks.
And I think you guys over here in the
design corner have done a
and design systems have done a very good
job of trying to capture some of those.
But this is essentially for everybody
else to understand what you guys
understand really well.
Everybody in the individual teams
understands really well what they do and
how their area works.
I think we're lacking a little bit of
alignment.
is hand over to another area.
And what does that mean?
What does handover mean?
So what does an exit gate look like?
In other words,
what is the definition of done and what
does an exit gate look like?
So when you're ready to hand something
off to somebody else who needs to do
something else,
what does that mean for you and for them?
And how do they receive it?
and how do they action it so that their
process can then kick off?
And is there any part of that where they
need to hand something back to you?
So we just need to understand the logic
flow. Does that make sense?
Is everybody comfortable with that?
Everybody should be comfortable with that?
Any additions to this?
You get to the 10 minutes.
But I think once we understand the flow,
I think we can then once we understand
the flow,
I think we can actually go back and talk
about planning.
Is that okay? All right.
I've got these little stickies here.
We are going to ask you to make some
stickies and stick some stuff up as you
go. So key call outs, bang it on a sticky.
Key risk or big issue,
bang it on a sticky. Big constraint,
bang it on a sticky.
I know that you've captured them there,
but
It makes this physical, if possible.
Right, can you guys all see on camera?
Hello, we're starting over here with the..
.
Design and Content Design.
Yes.
And then Natalie and Justin. Hey,
everybody. OK. Are you taking the?
Are you taking the over? OK, cool. Thanks,
Deborah.
Okay,
so team first it was important for us to
divide this out into two streams.
The first stream that we're responsible
for is around what we've called here
design foundations.
What do we mean by design foundations?
These are the core assets
we need to break down,
to put in place for the rest of migration
to roll out.
And what those foundations are.
the IA and the nav container, right?
The journeys. And from the journeys,
we mean an outline of the structure that
helps us construct our pages in a certain
way. So all of that work is already done.
And from the journeys,
we extrapolate certain things.
There are templates as well that we need
to
put in place that fit the IA gap.
In other words,
when we've constructed the new IA,
there are certain changes that we've made
that we need to cater for at a template
level. So the templates,
different variations there of the landing
page, category, product, utility,
all of that needs to be in place in order
for us to go into the migration and do
the necessary roll outs.
We also have content.
And at a foundations level,
we're looking at the standards.
So what needs to be in place from an SEO
perspective,
what needs to be in place from a brand
and tone alignment perspective in order
to help us write in a certain way when we
get into the actual migration flow.
There's also a design system element,
right? Because in the templates,
there are components that are being
enhanced that will require some UI and
brand alignment.
So it's important for us to bent this
down as a toolkit,
as a template from which we can then roll
out. I'll explain how that all fits in.
Then there is a standard and governance
wing from a design perspective, right?
So what do we mean by standards?
All of these foundations,
these foundational elements that we put
together,
there are certain rules around
interactions and patterns, etc.
We need to bed all of that down because
remember,
this is essentially the toolkit that
we're using to roll out
across the board.
This is also likely the toolkit that our
tenants will be utilizing to roll out
their various sections on their various
sites.
So it's important for us to break down
those standards to the IA, those patterns,
to the templates, how to use them, etc.
Then we also identified the governance
piece.
What does this mean?
Once we have put in place all of these
foundational elements,
once we've handed over this toolkit to a
potential tenant,
and that tenant on their end implements
whatever side or whatever it is that they
need to do on their side,
what is our responsibility?
from a design perspective, right?
Do we approve?
Do we need to review and give them
feedback?
What does that process look like?
And so this is essentially what helps us
establish the foundation.
What is it that the guys need to put to
carry over, right?
What are those core elements,
the structural core that needs to be
carried over,
and then the standards and the
government's government?
That's point number one.
So as it stands right now,
we have had quite a number of engagements
and we've made quite good progress with
these items here. Not only them at 100%,
but we've made quite good.
We've covered plus this round.
but we're not starting from scratch here
and I guess that will come in when we
speak to the timeline, etc. Right.
So this is a core element.
This is a structural foundation that we
then use to go in to do the migration
section. Why does that look like?
And this is the process that we outlined.
What this means is
If we are looking at a specific section
of the site, right,
there is a requirement that comes in.
Let's take an example. We have,
for instance,
enhanced how customers access products,
right?
We have created a single entry point in
products that are
across multiple pages at the moment.
So if we take retirement,
let's say we take the retirement section,
the requirement will come in, right?
We call that sort of brief would come in.
We're looking at the section because
we've made enhancements on the IA and we
want to be able to consolidate and figure
out what all this applies to the new
foundational structures.
There is a discovery piece that needs to
take place. Yeah, go for it, go for it.
The required is also be.
Could it form actually the breakdown of
the students?
Rather than...
Are required here,
because we make it seem like we're gonna
get a brand new requirement and you know,
stand the stroke,
but actually we did need to break down
the sites into kind of streams of work
and that,
so is that the requirement you're
thinking about? So,
right now we're using our UIA as that,
so we've made enhancements to the IA.
where there are certain cases that have
come together.
So we know the impacted areas as defined
in the IA.
So perhaps a requirement is not the right
description,
but based on the changes in the IA,
we know where we need to go in an engage
because they essentially
How they show up right now has changed,
and we require that input from them. So,
and that could be our stream of work.
Even like the sections, and then yeah,
and to break that, like personal business,
corporate, like breakdown,
and then further below that,
because that would make sense,
because then the rest of the.
Process would follow. Yeah, I'm assuming,
regardless of how we break it up with the
audience grouping or according to IA,
that the rest of it's still amazing. Yeah,
well, it's defined. Yeah, so,
so that's why, like,
when I saw the appointment, I was like,
I didn't, it's the wrong way.
This is not a stakeholder coming in and
briefing us, right? So,
what do you want to call it?
Let's call it.
What we're doing is the binding the work
balance we got to define.
And maybe you can take it as well.
So, I'm gonna swap over.
We say we can use from IAO.
From UIA.
Yeah.
Is that better for you? Yeah, yeah, cool.
A lot of what you've defined here.
actually learnings we've gathered as we
were compiling our foundations.
So all of these foundations,
the templates, etc.,
were not created in isolation.
We've actually stress tested this process
and the key learnings that came out of
that.
The first part is we need a dedicated
discovery period.
right,
where we sit down with a particular
business and really understand the
landscape. What does this look like?
Looking at the analytics, research,
a lot of conversation with stakeholders.
And those stakeholders vary, right?
There are guys from a product perspective,
from a compliance perspective,
from a brand perspective.
that all need to be part of the
conversation.
So already we start seeing the
dependencies there, right?
Making sure that the correct people are
in the room from the very beginning
becomes quite important.
So this part is essentially us
understanding the landscape.
I mentioned that a lot of this work is
also driven by the changes we've made on
the IA.
There are instances where we want to
simplify. For instance,
if a product house or a section or a
class that has seven different products
accessible in seven different pages today,
part of the enhancement is to consolidate
all of that. Therefore,
we need to bring everyone in the room to
ensure that we interpret.
the product catalog correctly,
we're not misaligned in any way.
So there's quite a heavy involvement from
a cross functional team perspective at a
discovery level.
And we found those back and forth
engagements take up quite a bit of time.
And of course,
this is also dependent on the complexity.
If we're just redoing a section or one
page of two sections and combining them,
it isn't as much heavy lifting.
as compared to a bigger section like a
retirement, for instance,
which requires quite a lot of iterations
and conversations.
What we noted here as well is we need to
start giving Brent and the team from a
design system perspective some visibility
of the work taking place, right,
so that they can also start now preparing
their end of the process.
So from discovery and understanding the
landscape,
but having those stakeholder engagement
and conversations,
we then move into the design stream.
Now, design is quite integrated.
I think most of the time it's big design,
we think it's just structural. Sorry,
before we get into design and quick
discovery, does that cover,
and maybe you wrote it,
and I think I asked this again,
but I'm just making sure,
does this include the part where we look
at what existing content exists?
And we then go and propose based on
analytics and the discussions that we
have, what we are deleting or removing,
what can remain as is and what gets.
Exactly right.
So it's all part of this analytics,
research, etc. So in this stream,
We are looking at every possible artifact
that exists right now,
additional conversations that we need to
have with stakeholders in order to help
us design the best possible solution.
Is that answer?
So we would have said we are looking at 7
different products.
We know we have here a category landing
page, for instance,
that consolidates all of that.
So the idea is to reuse these foundations
as far as possible.
So we're already going into these
conversations with this landscape in mind.
We know we have a template that does one,
two, three.
We are now trying to apply it into this
lens,
but we're not applying it in isolation.
we're having conversation and trying to
see if it fits. And if there are nuances,
those changes can start taking place in
here and defined in the design process.
Siva,
what about the review and sign off
process?
I think having been involved in those
conversations,
I think it's important for us to
understand as a group,
how do we actually engage with
stakeholders?
What is the process of engagement?
What are we producing and how are we
actually playing back and getting sort of
formal agreement or formal input,
formal input,
formal agreement and actual sign off.
Perhaps it needs to be sticky for us to
outline that process specifically,
but we have captured that.
The reviews and my approval.
So we have a specific approval.
So right at the front,
the discovery part of the process, Gareth.
stakeholders are involved as input, right?
So we have not yet gone into design and
incorporated all of that, right?
They would have given them some form of
view based on the foundations they've
given us the input.
We're now going into the design and
refining and making that final.
So the reason I ask is obviously some of
the conversations we've had,
to try and mitigate the time pressure
we've gone in almost having certain
navigated that process with a design to
present before we'd actually had the
first part of the engagement, right?
So trying to speed up the sign-up process.
I just wanted to pull that out as a
thought.
No, Timothy. Are you comfortable? OK,
you don't look. No, no, it's not.
It's a coffee. Tim, are you comfortable?
Is there anything you wanted to?
Just a comment around the URL structures,
setting probably under the IA.
But we will need to,
as part of the design,
we need to ensure that there is a URL
mapping of sorts. So, yeah,
hand that over,
so it might be a handover process of part
of the builds,
maybe it'll be under the cap on the build,
we need to do a URL structure.
And here, and Bernice,
would it also be a correlational element?
Is there a certain standard to the URL?
Should it be something we're also noting
here? Well, it follows the IA.
I just need to, yeah, we just need to map,
yeah, we need to map, correct? So, like,
for example,
we don't have insure or invest,
but there might be, like, for example,
we've got an all calculators page,
so all tools and calculators page,
and now we're going to all calculators
page,
we just need to see that we're removing
this URL.
in favour of that,
because that also impacts me. But also,
it means every year, right?
So for instance,
what used to be personal solutions,
tax free savings,
now it's personal invest tax free savings.
So that needs to get mapped.
And I need everything.
I can't roll that one.
So I'm assuming you'll go into detail in
the publishing. Yeah. Okay.
But what I've just done here is I've
loaded. We need some formal standards.
And then team after gathering all of that
feedback,
we go into the design stream and that's
also quite involved. It has a number
of inherent deliverable thick.
There's a desktop view, the mobile view.
This is now where the actual copy takes
place, right? So remember here,
as part of the foundational elements,
we've set content standards.
This is where NADS and the team assess a
section and say,
does it apply the content standards?
If not,
what are the enhancements that needs to
be made? So content at a design level,
so at a page level,
needs to be incorporated there as well.
It also needs to align to the SEO
standards.
There needs to be additional review of
the proposed solution.
Design system also needs to be in there.
The web dev needs to be there.
There's user testing that takes place.
And then we've also noted here that we
need the feature analyst to be a detailed
part,
to be the detailed part of this process.
Questions?
So, when we say components,
we mean new components, right? Enhanced.
Enhanced is very iffy because you're
going to change components that are
exhausting, something else is reference.
So, like it could be the same component.
I don't know what the version impacted,
but it needs to be separate. Yeah,
we don't impact everyone else. Yeah, yeah,
I understand. OK,
I think that's like maybe that's a good
call out, yeah. So, in a sense,
it's not necessarily just enhancing
whatever it is. It's a new, it's a new,
it's a new call,
because having a separate as a
consideration, not always.
We we we can do that's part of the
discovery phase. Yes,
we we're gonna try and revise the
component.
with properties that won't change
existing implementation.
So we might add it over and above or just
change or not modify the default states.
Or people,
so we can add like a listener in the
event of having an attribute change it.
If there's nothing, just carry on.
Let's say you want to modify the.
Tag, for instance,
to have a different color,
we're just going to add that,
and you've got to do an email or whatever,
but not change the default,
so if there's a team using the default,
they can sort of access to an orange.
Yeah, that makes sense,
but we just have to cater for those,
and that's why it's very important that
design system and the tech guys also
included in that discovery phase,
so we can also get.
a sense of how we're going to modify the
X, Y, and Z.
Do we need a new categorical component?
But there's something on that that's a
good segue into my comment I want to make
now was...
Do we do we foresee the possibility of us
having to roll out designs to a team that
has not yet migrated?
To the new web platform,
because that changes our outputs,
so slightly.
We now have to then communicate to a team.
OK, you sell on the old web to achieve.
When you top net, for instance,
you're going to have to modify what you
have there in a different way than just
receiving it. When you say team,
or do you mean country? Team.
So aside from us,
we can post the Moscow feature.
So what we say.
everybody must be of interest that you
get the benefits of your updates because
if you stay in other one is preparing for
you things so everybody so everybody's so
when when you when we arrive with the NAV
for a second Botswana here's your NAV,
here's when you come from before you pull
it because like
Might be changes and stuff like that,
so here's your navigation now,
apply it to the new platform,
so there's not gonna be a case where
somebody's on their own and having
probably your navigation to fit there,
because it's okay, is that the agreement,
because it might it might just so that we
have a deadline based on the timeline for
this.
So,
for the web has to show up with a new
name,
there might be two or three sites and a
slow nagging behind what they might be.
From an SN perspective,
I think it might be one of the two that
we've got,
but I just talk about the so then the
last one just like the second someone is
kind of talking about and then there's
the alternative investments.
They're ones with a feeling and then and
the deviation is not yet.
Fifty five,
but if you talk about Hong Kong is really
on the other side of the fence,
we've got to invest on the other side of
the fence, you know,
like they can consume you too.
So there are two or three sites that
we'll have to talk about and say,
why is those ones?
Service to migration approach we need to
define.
But they should be moving towards
migrating or have a plan in place to
migrate.
Because if we're going to build
components, it's a throwaway work for us.
We could take that same class and
investigate a new component.
We'd rather have the conversation to say,
what can we do to help you accelerate
your migration and avoid having to
Yeah, I agree with that.
It's going to be throwaway working, yeah,
yeah, yeah. So, Brent,
like with all the sites,
I think we maybe want to try,
I think actually is the only one that
doesn't have gonna work on the next site
to be on the other side of the,
so OMI or companies,
those ones that need to talk about how do
you plan navigation into OMI.
because they're the ones that they talk
about change and stuff like that.
So that's what they are already ready to
go on the other side,
but we need to combine.
So that's approach to take this out of
care. Everybody go, when you receive,
go and listen to. Okay. Nithin,
you're shaking your head. No, no,
it's just,
if you're not going to stick to like a
standard patent code,
or if we're going to cause problems,
something like 100%, like if they want.
to consume something, you get a request.
And hopefully,
like we've got our maximum role and that
they have designed,
but like we'd want to push.
And if they do need something,
then maybe we change the order in which
we need to deliver. Yeah, actually,
that's why I said help them to accelerate
the migration.
Rather that you help you remain in law.
Yeah,
let's rather help you launch it than you.
If we have to. Do you think we worry?
We've got the rules of information
architecture as well that almost might
need to be adopted unless we've got a
list of sites that we don't mind just
having a skimmed navigational structure.
So that means they can just.
pretty much whatever it's just from that
end and just having a re-eschange as well.
Because what if a team of wealth,
for instance, says,
I don't know if there's any wealth,
but if they say we have no interest in
migrating to the new web platform,
but we do want to play more with the
structural updates,
we want to replicate that in our space.
Well, for wealth, they have to,
because they're quite a composer,
they're on the same. Yeah, yeah.
But I think I'm able to try and say.
Because it might also be,
if I think to that slide that you showed
the other day history of all the sites,
Omar and some of the orphan sites and so
forth.
There might be teams who don't have
active design or engineering capabilities
to actually maintain the assets or to
update the design assets.
Will that become a problem like it did
last year, for instance,
where the queue is I need to have
updated designs to actually check against,
for instance.
So that's also a dependency and probably
a massive assumption one makes with many
of the teams that don't necessarily have
line of cycle.
We're going to be rolling things out to
teams.
That that might not necessarily have the
design state.
And every maintain.
So, define, so Brenda, yeah, define, OK,
let's say we talk about,
I think when we got the client trick is
over like,
what we have done in relation to that,
we've said guys.
Get us the sites. Take this, like,
I think Kenya has gone and built
capabilities like the train is all to the
North people. So,
China has gone ahead and say Kenya and
there is a public site.
One component is not working for you
right now. So,
we're trying to preempt that question to
say, you know,
some of my cabinets say I'm going to do
whatever else. So, we've gone ahead.
I think there might be one or two scary
ones.
I think a person asked me not to appear,
but I know it's a risk that they might be
going too much. Omar,
the ones that are worried about saying,
I don't have it. So we said, guys,
one or two of them will get quite slow,
right?
Like maybe they might call out and say,
how can I stay? Yeah. Okay,
I think let's document that as a decision
then.
I think we're in agreement on that.
We've got a couple more minutes and we've
got a few other to get through here.
So let's move on to approval. Okay, cool.
No, no, no.
It's an important fallout because we need
to be clear from the components feature.
How does it turn into design,
design systems migration? For some teams,
we might need to make the call.
We're going to have to jump over the
design phase and implement directly.
Right.
If we note down that dependency though.
Yeah. Yeah.
OK, drop it down.
Are we comfortable with the design phase
for me to be part of the space,
once involved, etcetera? OK,
obviously we were saying they are SEO
ready,
but the SEO team and that are still going
to play back to us,
so I think we can park.
They are an input into the copy.
Yeah, okay, cool.
From a design perspective,
I think we need to maybe put that on a
sticky.
We would need to define some form of
definition of done.
So what is that definition in order for
us to move that particular artifact into
approval? An approval entails multiple,
I guess, layers from a group market.
marketing perspective,
there's internal steer core,
there's external stakeholders,
there are clusters, etc.
We would need to define that.
What is that process of approval looks
like?
I think that's an important one you
mentioned earlier on, Gareth. Yeah.
This then becomes our definition of done
comprehensively. So there's a design,
in order for us to move the design to
approval, what needs to be done,
I think we need to define that.
And in order for all of this to move into
the dev head over space,
what does that look like?
So that's why you see another flag here.
We would need to outline all of that.
There are multiple streams here.
From a dev perspective,
there is Brent stream from a design
system perspective,
and then there's also the web dev and
call it here platform built that we need
to be interacting with. But of course,
these streams are involved with us from
the very beginning. So ideally,
they should not be exposed to what we're
working on for the first time here.
There is a support stream.
when this work or as this work is taking
place,
if we need to also filter into our
timings, so the continuous support,
the desk checks, the QA, the updates, etc.
There also needs to be some form of sign
off from a dev perspective,
but I think that will also be defined
when we go into the various streams.
At a very high level,
As part of the process, well,
there's a design system stream that
Brandon team needs to enable that then
moves over to the dev build.
But within the dev build,
there's quite a large chunk that's
dedicated to the publishing,
and that would be Belize and then the
team. So essentially, the end of
this stream is worth publishing before go
live can take place.
Everything that you see highlighted here
in green are the dependencies that we've
picked up and I won't go through them,
but quite a big dependency on
cross-functional team engagement.
So the product guys from the stream that
we are working with,
SEO, marketing,
getting the right type of stakeholders
into the room to review and sign off the
work,
who needs to be at the various touch
points.
We see that design system understanding
and following the journey from the very
beginning is quite important.
From a standards perspective as well,
once we have documented all of those
rules,
and that we are comfortable handing out
as part of our toolkit.
There are also certain things that we
need to ensure get done.
Ned mentioned that right now we get quite
stuck when it comes to imagery and
requesting all of that.
So even considerations like ensuring the
studio team works with us across the
board.
when we're dealing with a particular area,
they know what we are dealing with so
that they're able to send us all those
various assets.
So we have quite a number of dependencies.
This becomes quite a fully functional
cross team collaborative effort.
And it's important that those teams give
us the dedicated time that is buy in.
And we moved together from the very
beginning.
So what about outside dependencies like
the group marketing, the brand?
We have all of that. So wherever. Yeah,
yeah.
I'm just calling it out as a as a as a
key a key engagement point, right?
Because like some of the stuff we had.
Big.
I don't know the product group marketing,
but there's also product marketing.
Product marketing is, it's under product,
yeah, under product,
so was it within the product SME side?
I'm just trying to think, yeah, product,
that's product marketing, yeah.
So my question really was,
how are we going to manage big
dependencies and constraints like brand
alignment or brand repositioning,
brand relaunch, all those kinds of things?
So all of those conversations have
primarily taken place here and I think
we're at a practical level.
We're in a control label,
it's just the one small curve that they
want from a brand perspective and look at
where the brand is that they just have
the interim brand approved.
I don't know what that means in the sense
that it's not major changes,
it's just the fact is that we've restated
that we're not,
we're going to go with the existing CI
and now we've got brand interim approved.
I don't know at what level that's
approved,
I don't know if that's a URI approval and
I don't know if that's coming into a 2026
thing.
But it is there approved,
it's sent against the design system.
The only big changes really is fonts,
maybe a couple of color changes on how we
display the old Mutual logo, yeah, yeah,
but and that strippy at the bottom,
that strippy needs to go,
that needs to go,
and strippy at the top might have to go,
but that's all.
So Gareth on that,
so there's already quite a bit of work
that's gone into the foundation. However,
this is not at 100%.
So I think when it's finding those
timelines,
we need to give a view of our foundation.
100% why I told it up.
To unlock,
so there could be an impact of having to
go back and redesign.
and realign some of the brands.
Because I also just want to question
another call up on the brand as well.
I think I mentioned in our other earlier
that that wealth made it clear to follow
us to us that they are following the
bank's brand and one assumes that from
the brand means
covers in typography, but they are.
The bank uses a different illustration in
style. That's the caveat to that.
The group brand are not following that
brand.
They're actually going to not go down
that direction.
So it's already been challenged quite a
bit. So wealth goes down that route there.
Yeah, so,
because they're trying to get bank to
change.
If we can just as early as possible. So,
there's that's market, yeah, let's market.
I think Megan gave my feedback that the
brand work was not prior. Yes, yes. So,
until we get the go ahead,
say we need to consider brand in our work.
And I think it's the same because it's
like, well, for me to,
I don't know if we can see sign so that
means Spark will then have the break.
Let's pop that there now.
And I think we've sufficiently talked
about that risks.
High level risks that we've picked up.
capacity is a big thing.
I'm sure when Bernice touches on her area,
just publishing alone is a lot of heavy
lifting.
We would need to essentially follow this
model across all the sections where
there's an IA indication.
So copyrighting also has a capacity issue,
the design volume, Pam going in,
to the different sections,
consolidating the different pages into a
single entry point as an example.
Doing that across all those sites that
are in school,
we need to just define what that looks
like and we pick up that the design
volume requires quite a bit of heavy
lifting as well,
potentially a capacity constraint here.
We've spoken about the brand,
let's see I push and the wealth
conversation.
I think we've just covered that in our
schools. Is there anything else? Yes,
that. So I know I've been saying this,
but like the product info on those pages
and the content is huge.
And what we found is that when we go to
those segments, they don't have time.
So, maybe we need to put it down,
so the teams need to dictate people,
like it's a blocker for us.
Because those pages need to be written
with the proper product in bulk and
content.
So I think that part of our from the
clusters. Yeah,
so that's part of our steering committee
call out to have dedicated stimulus and
SMEs.
Uh, for exactly those responsibilities,
yeah.
So that I have.
Question. Starting off with that,
it worries me that that content block is
setting out everything else because the
copy image link mapping and studio and
stuff are part of that process.
We just wanted to call out what we meant
by content in here. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What does content mean? Yes,
it's not just copy, it's the images,
the linking.
Then my next question is why is final
copy done during hand over and then?
Because it's SEO.
So during SEO needs to send a URL profile.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
That's the testing for the SEO testing.
Yeah. So it's part of the,
as I understand what the SNT is saying is
that they need to have.
the actual URL structure to test the SEO
and then come back with feedback and
changes.
The final copy can only really happen
when we are building.
Let's pop the SEO conversation just for
now because we do have the SEO team
they're going to.
Talk back to us just now. OK,
and then we can come back to SCO as a
specific conversation.
I just don't understand that we're gonna
have a design ready and stuff,
and we're gonna hand over to development
and we're gonna start following,
but then we still have to wait for final
copy.
Why can't it be done as part of the
design if you're designing?
that product, the business, yeah,
or doesn't your content need to be done
and finalized and signed up there as well?
I don't think it needs to be finalized
within a template.
The copy doesn't need to be finalized for
the development to happen.
But it does have to finalize for the time
it gets to me. Yeah. No.
But I think also to play back to the
business. Yeah,
we have to be very careful on that
process, otherwise we're going to stay.
This becomes very cumbersome when we,
I think we need to have very specific
gates as we,
because we've seen how otherwise this
continues.
Back and forth,
and we're not making any any formal
changes,
because our stakeholders are particularly
like they look at the contract, yeah,
absolutely, yeah, so,
like you found with that, yeah, so, yeah,
Justin,
just please remind us it was around the
URL, so we say...
They aren't able to test the S.C.O. yeah,
score until it's in,
and I think you're not with the bunch of
strike, yeah.
OK, so they can still give input,
and you can still showcase to them,
and you can still give them a view,
and they can still give direction here,
but here we're saying,
because for our final score,
and you know everything is OK,
here's your name. Well, that's it.
On a page,
it is more like SEO optimization on the
handle, but design and conflict.
This is what I say.
Maybe there's an SEO refinement process
based on score once it's live,
but the actual SEO engagement with the
team copy and playback to the business
happen as a part of the design and design
approval.
If you can get initial SEO, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. That's supply.
Maybe let's just call,
so what do you mean by group marketing is
brand plus SEO, correct?
Maybe let's also get that, yeah. OK,
and I want to ask something about
capacity, right?
This might sound quite harsh,
but what are we going to do with
additional capacity,
or how differently are we going to do
things with additional capacity,
so that we do not end up in the same
situation we end up in every time we get
additional capacity, but as I would say?
For me, we now have these foundations.
We've established what are the core
structural elements we need to run across
the board.
And that's why it's so important for us
to get a certain level of feedback sign
off at this foundational level.
What then happens is when someone picks
up a section, let's say we look at
retirement.
They are now utilizing all of this to
apply across the entire site.
So it depends how fast or so we want to
move with that.
What we've prepared as well is if we look
at quite a complex section like
retirement,
to do all of this using the foundational
elements
takes, for instance, about 8 to 9 days.
I'll just look at the reviewing that we,
the timings that we've put together.
But what additional capacity does,
it helps us fast track that.
We have the foundational elements.
Let's say we have
10 different sections of the site to
apply this lens on.
It allows us to move in parallel if
there's more than one person,
instead of waiting to run all of this one
second after the other with just one
person.
It all depends on how fast we want to
roll it out.
The more people you have there,
the more they're able to take these
foundations and use them and apply them.
Yeah,
maybe we can show that as part of our
plan. I say,
if we want to run it in parallel teams,
how this progress has worked, but Siva,
and I know you are fairly new in the team,
bringing on more people also means more
coordination.
I'm not saying we don't need it,
but just think about that, and...
Justin, from previous experiences,
we cannot have people walking their dogs
and stuff, like,
why are we supposed to be this, right? So,
we need to be realistic about it,
but the big thing is,
if the person comes in,
we need to be clear when we need
copyright, like, what are we expecting?
What is your actual deliverable? Yeah,
the big thing that is,
that's why it's assigned volume.
Because we don't need,
and please do not quote me on this,
but we don't need thinkers.
We don't need people to help us rethink
the strategy or whatever it is.
We need people that can action that will
take this template and just pop it.
And it's creating volumes. Absolutely.
So what?
What has been the...
We've got a question on there.
I just want to just to understand the way
that if there is in your section,
do you guys see the content as well as
the page templates and the content?
components that go along with that as
sort of like things that are code
dependent or there is some sort of
independence of these things.
There's a little bit of column and a
little bit of column B.
So in the sense that there could be
templates and then those templates could
wrap up to different components,
but they are kind of subfront treated
differently.
So,
the templates are the combination of
components, right?
And then the copy will feed into then the
components.
The reason why I ask is that it sounds
like copy is something that has a lot of
external dependencies whose response
times are the reader and components and
the templates.
Could be things that we know internally
in terms of like,
what does the design look like,
that competent service,
or is there is there a possibility that
these could be treated as content? So,
from a deaf perspective,
you do not need content.
Right,
because the structural foundations are
there,
you can essentially start picking up that
work.
What we've done with the Super Sprint is
the templates that we have,
so the category and the product lending,
we've gone into three different sections
and stress test it. See,
this is the template,
doesn't apply to different sections.
One is our comfort levels around there.
And therefore,
we can start building better because
we've gone through the stress testing,
we've socialised, etc.
There isn't a dependency on your end from
a build perspective to wait for the
coffee to be to be finalised.
But I think from a design perspective,
as we're rolling out and we're meeting
with the different sections,
it's important for us to
preserve that design as well.
It's important to go into the stakeholder
section and say, this is how your,
the section has been enhanced,
this is a new structure, new template,
this is a copy enhancement that goes on.
I like these kinds of discussions because
for every handover to another function,
I need to have a clear,
you're saying I need X, X, X,
then I can stop my work. You know,
and I mean for every handover,
we've got to be quite clear on that.
And so that we don't necessarily wait too
long or hand over work that is not ready
for you to work on.
We mentioned so exit gate and integrate
and what are the actual
Very clear handover, each function,
what is it understanding? Yeah, sorry,
Siva,
I just wanted to just to kind of touch on
what Steve was saying was,
I think that the one aspect where we may
feed into them is when we write the rules
for the character limits for new
components, right?
Patents, yeah, the standard, right,
but we'll give them as part of their
rules, yeah,
then we'll even with the templates,
because we've defined templates as
sections,
and in these sections you can only have
one to two of these types of components,
yeah,
so that means we're not allowing just
random people,
just putting a slot in random components
in a section that.
That should be,
so there will be those rules,
and but that's at our foundational level,
so you'll be able to build those pages
with those.
But it's also like important to like just
note that from a dev perspective,
you you can start doing the templates and
that copy doesn't have to be, yeah, yeah,
because because they don't do the copy
anyway, yeah,
because they really like to like progress
with the dev.
Just buy us some time to finalize copy,
yeah, and then publish it. Yeah,
of course,
that's that's the thing that we wanted to
also understand from our side that in
terms of what what sort of new time do we
have, yeah,
that do we sit and we have to copy things,
because really probably for us is, yeah,
yeah, it's much of a much,
we just need a structure, structure,
structure, and layout, yeah.
So that handover can happen a lot sooner.
Right. Yeah. With the caveat. Yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Just if you're debating like one word
versus a paragraph,
that structure that might hold up,
but don't have voices up.
Just to note,
the only thing that we might have to
still get approval on is these templates
and how we're doing this,
like we have a wide section,
overview section,
and all that kind of stuff,
and we're in agreement on that structure.
Yeah. If that structure then is approved,
then we can bundle it,
but there's nothing else. It's part of it.
It is. Yeah. So I have just a call out,
well, sort of a line and call out,
what is the word template mean in your
world? What does it mean in your world?
What does it mean in your world?
And what does it mean in your world?
Because we have templates in Figma,
audio Figma templates,
the same thing that...
That Wayne when Wayne talks about when
and Brent talks about when it talks about
templates.
What is the definition of template in
your world? Do you know that?
The page template. Sorry the.
Yeah, so I have to do,
everything else is a template that houses
more stuff to upgrade to something
blueprints, which is the same, exactly,
yeah, so this is the thing, yeah,
so your template,
which is kind of a wireframe in Figma,
yeah, how do how do we take that?
Definition of template from Figma to.
And it means. So design system.
So design system. Correct with a wide one,
our understanding is you're actually
looking at the different components. Yeah.
And those who also came through to your
world there and then the full template
and how it's structured, etc.
You will get to layout from a publishing.
So it starts as a prototype.
It depends how Zane sets it up. Yeah.
So it sets up as a new template where I
can't move anything,
or is it one that we currently have and
we just pull in what we need in the order
of the new template? That's also.
So it starts as a prototype in Figma.
It then gets built from a component
perspective. Yeah.
And then you can pull it together from.
Then you can pull it together from a CMS
perspective.
But I think an important call out.
do the way that we're going to actually
do it now,
are you going to have that flexibility
that you had before?
Or is it hard-coded to the new?
Sometimes I think that might also go on a
pattern where nothing gets built.
The only thing that gets built is the
documentation of the recipe for how to
construct that interaction.
That could be the case for something like,
you know, we have checkout or sign up,
the way we start to log out of.
So, for instance, um,
so is it a drag and drop experience,
or is it a fill in Margot? Yeah.
yeah I wanted to also mention something I
feel we've got we've got a couple uh like
five minutes at the most okay we're done
we're done the foundations the heavy
lifting from a depth perspective will
only happen once correct so you
essentially we're outlining all of these
the templates that I etc
They're going to go through the design
system,
and they're going to be creating a
content stack,
but we anticipate all of that happening
for me wise.
So as we're interacting with the
different sections,
we're not constantly coming back to you.
because we have the foundations in place,
right? We have a landing page template,
we have a category with a person.
So as we're rolling out and meeting with
the different areas,
there isn't much that rework because we
would have set these as foundational
elements we're thinking and rolling out.
So, if it does, and the thing in account,
you only got the article and modular,
but that's why I'm saying, are we,
are we using our current?
Templates.
where I can assign a nav and a footer new,
and then I use the structure of what a
category page looks like,
and I pull in all the components you've
just developed in the order.
But you see that. Is it already there?
Between us,
it will have to be collaborative for
these kinds of new pages. Yes.
Yeah. In the way that it exists right now,
you could have, that's the header,
that's the footer,
and then you could have module. Whatever.
Yes. That they are.
But understanding this correctly on these
new pages is that the structure will stay
the same.
So that's why I'm thinking we would then.
You would then create that predefined
category templates, yeah,
and I would use that, yeah,
and then whatever else is still on
modular, we keep the same, yes,
so the only question,
the only question there is,
would there be a scenario where what you
need to do if you say if you build that
predefined right?
Would there be a scenario,
is there something that you need to do
that won't fit into that? So,
in that case, like, um, we were saying,
just saying earlier,
there might be a section,
so now let's say the second part of the
page,
it could have this component or this
component. In my mind, OK.
You would have to put both into the
structured template,
and I only fill in one that is needed,
but both are there for future states.
For instance, yes, in the retirement,
we have that comparative team,
but you might find other pages,
but they still both are products.
Yes, of that section.
So then you would add both in.
And you then calculate one.
Use the one that's needed from the design.
Yeah. Which would be this one? Correct.
Yeah. That you would get this one. Yeah,
that's right.
You're going to use AB and C. Yeah.
But in that way,
it would be a type of governance to say,
that's what was designed, presented,
signed off with stakeholders,
and you're simply populating.
There can never be any debate that it
wasn't what was agreed. Yeah. Okay, cool.
That was. That align was with.
It changes stuff a little bit. It does,
yeah.
The understanding that I wanted to get
from performance is that where we are
right now is we have,
you would have the header and then what
it wants is then where the page could
vary because of what is presented on this.
Just hearing now that the category page
is somewhat static, but there is some.
So I just need to understand that kind of
behavior of what the page is or how the
page is expected to behave.
So then say based on.
the code that we have today,
how much of that changes?
Is it something that is little change
because it can adapt?
Or there would be some addictions that we
would need to make in the way that it was
today in order to adapt the paper that is
then required.
And also,
it needs to be because it has already
been laid out.
It exists today and it should exist
before the life of the sites until
whatever point and also in the majority
of changing the same as providers to
something else, it should still work.
Yeah, so all of those,
so you should be able to service both
both needs while these operations run in
parallel, right? Yeah, cool. OK.
You covered everything.
Any other key key call outs who's got
stickies?
Evans.
Three minutes. Actually,
just the one thing about those templates
and Zay is that we only know the full
extent of it once we've been through our
sections. Yes, yes.
So we might have like maybe say 80%,
but who knows? You know,
that's the up in the edge. And then,
sorry, and then do you...
Do you wait as a batch, or, for instance,
you say now,
"Can you group age is ready in in in in
two sections in two seconds, yeah,
in like a retirement?
That's what I'm saying,
so we haven't been through all of the
sections,
so it could be like one extra component,
yeah, every time.
Can I also add another question here?
Something about these sections.
Are you saying that between insurance and
retirement?
The the the the page could be different
between us. No,
so the the the structure and the the the
the container of the template should
remain this.
So you will have your value proposition
block, you'll have an overview block,
you'll have a.
Why proposition block a product details
block,
so that structure should in theory remain
the same in the structure,
so inside of like, say,
the product details, well,
it might have one, two, three,
maybe 6 components that you can map to.
That's the fluid, but every container,
every category page,
and every product detail page.
Should remain, yeah, but again, so,
and hold on, but in Zay's world,
you've not confused him,
because that's not I could, for example,
add in a table for funeral, right? Yes,
so my category page could be like 90%
done, but I could add in a table, yeah,
that's what I'm saying,
so that's so we don't know the full scope
of it until we've like.
That's why I was saying for the
foundations,
we need a little bit more stress testing.
Yeah. So we've done this with, I'll say,
two complexes in one very simple area.
We need to take this foundation and roll
it out a little bit further to strengthen.
Yeah.
Essentially,
what we actually need to do is finalize
exactly what you just said,
so that you can give it over to them and
let them get on with it while you carry
on with the other define and design,
because that'll that'll give him time to
go and build that. So that's the type.
She said it might change somewhere else.
No, but he's saying not the existing.
So, yeah, if I'm done with real time,
every time, so we're gonna have...
No, but 6, 7, 8, 9 sentence, no,
because they can't keep adding the
proposition slots.
Three components, maybe. Yeah,
choose between those three components.
Why are we building a template?
Why is that building a template with now
three sections?
He's not gonna build a retirement
category templates. No, that is not,
you know, building one template, yeah,
that caters across the board,
but then we might as well have a modular
template that we drag in.
Because you're literally gonna have in
our minds one template with every single
component in,
because that's the way it has to be built.
OK, that's the the part of execution,
like how do we wanna get that, yeah? So,
in my mind, configuration,
they would keep the modular, yeah?
It would make more sense.
develop the components and the rule comes
in when I'm building. Correct.
The governance check.
The governance check is I have to follow
that rule.
So if anybody else comes and says I want
a new product page, it goes to you.
And I follow the structure as well.
You're not building a product page
category. Yeah, it makes sense.
So when you, so for instance, Cam,
if the new little section with the four
little cards,
you definitely know that's going to be
built.
And you're gonna use that every week,
they can start building it, yeah,
you've done it,
and they can start building it, done,
the component tick, it may,
so this is just a me,
it's just a matter of cool,
and are we looking at it in our world as
well,
but this is also a standard that needs to
go in an attendant model, yeah,
so that's where we need to make sure that,
but that is the that you're looking for
in a tenant model, right?
Because they're gonna wanna do that, and,
but, but, but,
but I think about having laws on paper
versus being forced into a particular
role. Yeah, so that means, if,
as soon as there is a worker role,
they will do the worker. No,
of course they will. I know that,
but the problem is how they just follow.
Yeah, the problem is,
is the is the structure page in Dave.
But if you want a variant of a possible
one or two components within the
proposition section,
you have to put them both on the same
page.
But can we not have a AI now put a
template that's wrong,
and then it's just the it's just the
subsections that they have some.
But also,
otherwise we're going to end up where we
are. It shouldn't be a free for all.
There's a certain structure and a flow
that's informed by our journeys. Yeah.
Yeah.
And we've used that to base the rationale
around our templates,
just being to lead generation and utility
and education.
So we can't go back to it's just free for
all, you put in whatever. And that's,
and when it comes to a tenant model,
then that is yes, you want to be.
Be here,
but this is what you have to follow. Yeah,
yeah, and and well,
is there not perhaps a conversation where
the tenants model template design comes
in later stage? Yeah, yeah, 100%. Sure,
you could, you could,
you could roll out to tenant model so
template design at later stage, right?
Yeah,
if you had a different template for kit
for tenant.
Sure, but it's still, I think,
I think the challenge that we're going to
have at the moment is that,
even though I know that the rules and we
need to follow the rules,
certainly the businesses and units and I
might be saying the side agenda,
they might well supersede or force the
rule. And if they say, well,
I don't care what you say.
I want this section at the top.
And that's why I think I worry.
I think we're going to go down the same
route that we have today,
because you're going to have the loudest
voice on the room to say,
I want this at the top. And they will.
Yeah, sorry, if we build a,
we build a template that's courses of
that conference,
but that's what they're not on,
but they're not on that,
but other governance like structure that
we need to overlay this with, like,
is if there's an alignment across our
external steer code members, yes,
it's still, that that is,
but that's not something we need to force
to say that, like, this is...
approach that we are proposing,
we need all the external parties to agree
to this approach.
If they don't agree to this approach,
then we need to go the other approach,
but we need to define that right now.
Yeah,
that's getting a flat on our flow and our
planning.
It's not like you don't have an option.
You are also still giving them.
This is our product page,
but if you don't want the table there,
you can put that there. Yeah,
because this is a variance eye.
I think I think we can sell,
because like this entire program and the
fact that they've been spending 40
million Rand to do this is because of the
disparate experiences and journeys and
the like, and they hope.
Point, basically,
unify one experience for old Mechele. So,
it's an easy sell in my mind. But,
because, yes,
we do have guys who have the loudest
voices,
but if you tell them it's this way,
they're quite acceptable.
If the external is saying, well,
this is why it's like that is why I keep
saying.
So that I can put it to the guys so they
can say agree or don't agree.
And then we need to find it out.
But it's not for this team to find it out.
And not if they're coming from.
I don't know what to do with my content,
please put it in a way for me. Yeah.
And then you say, well, here it is. Right.
We have to look at it as like, as grid,
we've got to give standards and
guidelines.
And that's what can we use and utilize
and we create unity across the group.
And I think that's how we need to
approach this.
Yeah, yeah,
because that's if we want to prevent
draft, yeah,
and there are many things that you would
want to achieve with the template. So,
if that draft happens and is decided upon
in the Figma or design phase,
then we make sure our templates bounce
bank under what it should be,
and if a developer...
needs 1000 permutations on a template
level to achieve whatever that,
then it could be excusable, for instance,
because the drift is already ratified in
design.
But that might not always be the case for
every team.
Some teams might skip the design and
drift.
In code, for instance, so, so, OK, let's,
let's, let's, let's move some now,
but we do, yeah,
it's a little sticky there,
just that we need to very quickly
document, yeah, yeah,
do you wanna say something about outcome
here, yeah, because Siva,
you were saying we need to stress test
and I'll just check, yeah,
so this entire process is that.
one iteration.
Are we only going to hand over to them
when we've looked at all the areas?
So it's going to be effective because I'm
just concerned that if we're going to
stress test and you know we have to look
at each section,
that's going to take two long.
Not each section.
So we had identified what compiled
through our most complex section.
So we've done.
Two, from a personal perspective,
we had to do corporate, for instance. So,
we are at a certain level of confidence
with what we have now.
We need to apply this lens to a corporate
cluster. Okay. And so,
either various services or that are the
tweaks that need to be made at the
template level, etc. But we can't keep,
we can't go through all the same.
Because I do think that what Tim was
saying, right?
And what we're saying is they have to
have kind of advice, exactly, exactly,
exactly. What they can do, exactly.
I think that we're 80% competent,
I have to say. So,
what I want to depict with these two
pictures, this is how I saw it in my mind,
we can have a conversation around it. So,
let's say this is our...
category landing page. In my mind,
there are red zones and that rules that
are non-negotiables within the template.
Then we need to go into the standards and
define what those non-negotiables are.
There are rules that govern our IA,
so not everyone can go in and get an IA
level.
There are rules that govern our primary
promotion spreads, our overview page.
the call to action, I don't know,
the cross setting at the bottom,
whatever that is,
there are red zones on this template.
However,
we realize that there are certain nuances
and you might need to make certain tweaks
within your area.
We're giving you a green zone where the
companion can involve this.
Where you have two options of configuring.
or whatever.
There is a three component block and
there is another call to action.
But we realized you might want to maybe
depict this a little bit differently,
like funeral versus retirement.
Funeral was a table.
And we're giving you the ability to add a
table and maybe the three blocks within
this.
But that has rules and regulations and
the standards and there's a limit to that.
So,
this is still one template with two
permutations on very specific parts of
the page, as we've defined it. So,
would you select one or the other?
Would you have a component tree approach?
Yeah, so,
so if we make that decision then,
are we doing that?
Because I think that's a big one.
What's the thing? It looks modular.
It looks modular. It is modular.
It is modular. It is modular.
I don't want it to. It's very,
but we're saying with people wanting to
do their own thing, if it, if it is,
if it is modular, we will, yeah,
we do have an approval process,
and one of the approvals will have to be
governance instructions.
Yeah, business level, sorry,
follow the structure, change it, no,
exactly, and the thing is, if they,
if we have it in Figma and you have the
three options, let's say,
with one with the table,
one with the other bookies and whatever,
they will look at that and go, "Okay,
I want that one,
" and then build it that way, yeah,
but I think they need to build into like
the three.
For instance, why is it that?
Why can't you both? Why can't you exactly?
There's been has been broken or what?
Because there's changes on the on the
actual templates, there's options, so it,
yeah,
but a template you can say specific
sections that need a template and allow
for modular in some sections because in
context.
So, that's where the complications.
I don't know if you can, if we can do.
Why should we have to go one or the other?
Because we want to keep some level of
standardization and like stop the freak
for all and it means manual governance,
like,
whereas the template is very much like
this is how it works.
What would you do if that is the product
category?
And we know that the top three sections
are always going to be the same,
that is set,
and then modular in the middle sections
where we need. And then, yeah,
because there is,
we take the structure as it is,
and it's not the way that we do it.
At the bottom, yeah. It follows that.
Maybe if there's variance in terms of
modular blocks, the modular section,
then they can become whatever. So,
we have then what we have that first page.
There, as a page template,
and then we have slots where we can add
it. Yeah, so we structure this,
there and there,
and then that middle section is where you
could pull in whatever.
If you do then end up wanting to change
something in your little,
then there becomes a manual thing that
has to be satisfied.
Yeah, so you might want to change, yeah,
but those have heavy governance on it,
yeah, yeah,
you plan as though change the IE, yeah,
exactly, yeah,
but I think that we mean things like that,
yeah, that little, yeah, inside the group,
that's not inside the group,
that's what I have a design.
We have to be,
we have to be militant about this,
and in case you're going to have very
awkward conversations in two years,
for instance. That's why I like to,
it's too much subject to listen.
I, I, I, I like that, I like that,
I like that, I like that, but, so,
your product category page would be
structured with a section in the middle,
which is marginal, but, but, but,
whether you template still would.
OK, we got two engagements, two.
Yeah. Go on.
So, like, the templates. So, like,
it's fine within the group that we're
going to say, along the business,
outside of our existing client channel.
Asking, why does it have to be one?
Why can we not use templates in some
places and something we have a complete
modular page?
Because that is very different.
You can have a modular feed with that
feed structure and then add in.
You know what I mean? Exactly.
From a brand with these kind of templates.
That's just something to note.
If you go into a different market,
you try and get a different clientele.
We will do different,
but I think that needs to be a S.P.I.T.
which kind of thing. Well,
I was anything like outside of all these
things, so we, we, we have,
and that's what I'm saying is,
why does it have to be one or the other?
Why is there a way to keep,
because we're gonna have the I.Y.
who's gonna be like...
I actually don't have your products up to
mine is a little bit different.
But at the same time,
people living on our platform,
we want them to have some kind of
consistency. And we all should do it.
But isn't that part of the...
I think every time it's on your page,
we need a designer, we need a writer,
we need a...
Going forward, yes,
like every time a new template or page
needs to be done,
so the purpose of going down the template
request is to quickly reduce the amount
of capacity and people have involved,
so you don't need 5 designers or 20
designers or anything like that,
so it's almost like we need to find that.
Every person who wants a page,
if you don't have a template, then...
Everyone drop everything in some business
and, whereas, if it's attempted, yes,
attempt to go with this, yes,
and that's the, and that's what this,
and you see, just give you what you want.
This is extremely relevant now that we
told,
but the thing is that it does strength
capacity.
So, it's why we can't, I mean,
but in my mind is that if we allow for
the conditions,
then that means everything is finished.
If we allow for structure,
then it helps us to say, "Well,
that's what it is that was a bit thinking
and it's now been removed,
and then we need to,
but both of both comes in,
if we we we can send it as what we can
put in."
Everyone has products and can't take us
and so forth.
But the unpredictability comes in at a
component level most of the time.
We can't usually predict to what extent
you would modify a table, for instance.
Therefore,
a table has a structure that is
templatized. But you can add columns,
headers, rows, functionality,
and so forth.
That is where the flexibility comes in.
It's how much space is available on the
page and with components fit into that
space, right? For the most part,
most teams,
features all have the same kind of thing
they wish to achieve.
And that is predictable and therefore
that standardization exists.
If I mean,
if you design like 3 variants that look
really good,
when you go to the businesses and play it,
say, "Here's your three options,
kind of pick one,
" you'll be surprised how we'll actually
go with it because you're giving them the
option which they never had before.
They say, "Ohh, okay,
that's the way I was thinking about it,
let's go with that one."
But we've never had that,
to be able to show them with a table,
with call to action blocks, with whatever,
you give them the variations,
which all fits into your componentry
anyway, and they say, okay,
we quite like that one.
We can see the little,
the way that we think about it fits into
that.
And but you're giving them choice as well,
so they feel like they're in charge.
of the design structure. So currently,
the only people who brief in what
something should look like is OMF. Yeah.
They will send us a PDF where they have
used our components and laid it in an
order. Yeah.
Everybody else sends word and go,
please can you create my page? Yeah.
So,
they don't even know how they're
constructed,
but we'll tell you that it's not what
they want when it's not. No,
so we've been seeing a bit of that,
other way it's a change management,
and we have to, as a team,
agree that this is the change that we
wanted, and going forward, see,
it's almost they have to kind of somewhat
fit in,
because if we're allowed too much of...
Flexibility. Yeah,
we're gonna go to the last part of the
conversation is new features, right?
There's been a significant request around
new feature,
which we said we're not building new
features, but when people think redesign,
which we're also trying to caveat as a
conversation,
they immediately think new features.
So then, in a template like that,
a new feature would fit then in the
modular session. Yeah, exactly.
So you get some 3 variants and those are
new features. Hundred percent.
What I'm picking up, I mean,
what I'm noting is,
I think our stress testing also needs to
include like a tenant site, like a,
and then also.
Like a tenant from a different country.
OK, guys,
we've got another 10 minutes left,
and then we're going to break for lunch.
Can we can we stick our stickies on the
board?
Who's got stickies that they need to
stick up? Yes, for me,
the biggest question, so we can get that.
OK,
the next the next section that we're
going to go to.
is execution.
Now there is a very fine line,
50 shades of grey here between the areas,
but I think it is important as stream
owners that we clearly talk to,
we had a whole lot of debate now,
but we need to take us to your board,
to your thinking, all your stuff,
and then hope you can do your stuff.
Start slotted in more as we kind of built
this roadmap.
Shall we just break for lunch now and
come back earlier? 10 past 12 now.
We've got a 45 minute break for lunch.
OK, break to one, break to one.
That's good. Yeah, break to one. OK,
guys online, we're breaking for, like,
I told, and we have a long discussion.
I don't mind if anyone eats,
I don't want to do half an hour.
You want to do half an hour?
OK, 20 to one.
Is everybody in agreement there?
Raise your hand. Yes. That's the word.
The word militant comes to mind. OK,
we'll be back on at.
Twenty-two.
Ohh.
And I'm going to leave the call open.
Can you answer my question, Liz?
You are like the main feature of our
movie here today,
your main feature of the movie,
like your middle screen, centre,
our lead actress.
It's so sealed. I can't even get it over.
OK, we are going to move it over here now,
so you're off the book. Yeah.
No.
We need to understand.
We cancel.
Disaster.
Everybody, everybody, all the entries,
I guess, some of the usual, you know,
we're gonna work together, you know,
thanks to the team.
That's it.
It's so if you want something to get in
right, it seems to know.
It's lovely if you go up the streets. No,
but what you look at this, everything. OK,
just right to get in the corner.
It looks like you're going through the.
Sorry about that. No, I just wanna get,
yeah,
let me get this so I can stick it up here.
Right. You don't get any experience.
And you have another one.
That's all you spell on the chase.
And then that's the.
So, if they give us a need for this thing,
that could.
Schools. Yeah,
as long as it's like there's an element
to it,
we just create a new page template or
type. Exactly. We can support it. I think,
yeah, with the assigned templates,
the majority.
When you see that is this listing,
these are all the components that are
submitted today. So, if they have,
you are asking about the new components,
then it will just be a continuation of
what you have in the same components,
and solving the listing that what can be.
By when these, which is the next page,
right, and the contents are set.
I really don't think that we used to like,
but I get it.
Oh.
Good.
This be history, the report on the well.
Yes.
Okay.
There's no technical.
It's not really, it depends.
It depends how flavorful it needs to be.
If it's something that we want to support,
just make a new one.
And then we'll add the page and just call
that template. If it's something...
Friend is, and are you thinking about,
are you thinking about your friend Rod is
coming here,
so I want to just I don't fit that page.
I see a lot of people, but...
My good son is people who...
Let me now want to be designed.
Everyone can just run that entity.
Yes.
Back to you.
The.
Then the final be there.
I don't know.
Are you thought you could get the legends
between them outside from?
You didn't stop it.
Compositions, metric levels, no,
that's your right thing,
that's the substantive.
That is next week.
It.
Sometimes you don't feel like going
through like I do. Talking about today,
we started watching the taxis. Reverse.
This is what I like.
You love every day.
You have to buy stickies to a technique.
Take it, take it Friday. Remember,
tell me. Yeah. Put your tickets together.
That's all the day. Exactly. Exactly.
So it's like sitting at school. Yeah.
Yeah. At the end of the days by guy. Okay.
You're going to check by going to take
you. They like coming on the five days.
Yeah, only on a Friday as well.
You could only have the deal.
It could be Wednesday, Friday.
How do you do that in today?
I make some money.
I might as well take the time for me now.
I do it shorts.
Then we can have like that Friday stuff
will be much.
The.
Yeah, I think if I had this,
especially in summer, yeah,
I'm not speaking, I'm gonna come to that.
I think they go to that. Oh,
David is not right.
He even come into the office.
When are you going to visit?
Go up.
How about I do it?
I think all those.
and everything just stop by all the fruit
from outside.
This.
Yeah.
Hey.
Oh, that's a working kit.
Same.
As a girl.
Yeah.
I can just sit with the web team. OK,
definitely take all web, yeah.
Commission's about to complicate.
Suddenly she just wants the design. No,
if you look at it.
Let's get to the way enough. OK.
This is right. I know.
That's pretty much our presentation.
Just tell us what you want. Thank you.
It's like knowing what we want to start,
right?
Yeah, yeah, you want a component here,
yeah, but this.
But.
And I'm being curious about the
additional capacity that bringing people
in is not a problem. If you're not here,
and you're not saying, this is XYZ,
there are ones in this timeline.
That's how we get ourselves in problems.
But you said you don't need people who
can think,
you just think people who can do.
You can find lots of diversity, right?
I don't think it's that easy.
But you're telling me you don't need
thinkers. You need I don't need a thinker.
I need to do it.
Everything is there. There's the copy,
there's the assets, there's the page.
Let's put it together. If you need Jewish,
why can't the other designers also be
Jewish?
There's just really. Olyssa was pregnant.
Yeah, she's pregnant,
but somebody's coming in to build her
place. Like, is it? Yeah, she's coming up.
Okay. Okay. But definitely a case.
A long time ago that was supposed to
happen. Cool.
They get people to walk their dogs.
I'm not paying for people to walk their
dogs. People want to say about that.
Who's this? Is that the one of this?
Because the camera doesn't know what I
was like,
but there was a whole lot in that team.
And grow your plants and stuff.
I'm like in my 34 minutes for you to grow
your plants and watch your cans and dogs
and go for whatever. You know, I feel bad,
like I'm leaving the office to drive home
quick. Yeah, exactly.
So that's and then like,
I would be nervous.
Or the extra mile,
and like I need to be like, "Oh,
there was traffic. I'm sorry, I'm late,
but you, you walk in your door,
like see this, and you told everybody. Oh,
yeah,
it's not like you've just gone and
someone's found out,
you told everybody on the chat. Yeah,
it was a priority.
Maybe just,
maybe just have the maturity and tell me
you're going to eat some lunch. Yeah.
And go walk your dog.
If we were looking for you. Sorry,
I was quickly making lunch. I don't know.
I dropped something.
I literally told us every time.
I'm all for transparency, but.
After the yorking at 2:00 in the
afternoon and then you too honest,
did you think? I'm walking my dog.
I'm buying the dog to walk my dog.
Come to that, how to go to the cats?
No, no, no, no, no, the one that gave me,
you know, she just gave me.
I thought it wasn't.
No one on the document.
Did you check the document?
And the glasses. There was.
Please do not give it to Tyler.
He's telling us, you know, like,
you know what, so it's not.
is the definition of our Gen Z. He is.
He is, and then when he gets the office,
he is so laid back. I mean, I bless him.
You're like, whenever I look around,
he's like this. He's doing his work,
but he's like laying.
He's like the baby of the TV. He is.
He is. I was on Friday.
I was showing stuff.
That's because we're going to 2000,
because we're going to 2000.
That was right. OK. Tyler. Yeah.
Ice break. Tyler.
This is a year older than myself.
This was that what goes around and we was
like, what? What is like?
We showed him a tile up for like the one.
He said, what is that? What is that?
Did he not know that? Honestly,
he was like,
what is he knows about it like in main
pictures, but I doubt he's at the time.
I know is if I knew when we were demoing
the identified stuff and someone
mentioned the green ID book in demo and
they were like, what's that?
Maybe we just let the rest of the team
answer the question. Yeah, no,
we still have something.
I can't talk to everyone about the
telephone. I was like, "What is that? No,
it's a telephone. They actually died,
like, "Wow!" And then like...
Oh, this other way. So, so we showed him.
I,
he's thinking how he's avoiding the work
coming, how he can tell me because,
so I said that,
and he says this thing doesn't have
enough patents.
Welcome. Where is the rest of it? Like,
no, these are all the. My name was AAE.
R was second. The N was last.
I was first, C was last, and then,
can you believe we used to type with them?
Yeah, yeah, I was like,
where's the keyboard? I'm like,
it's right there, it's all of it,
and that's it,
it used to last for eight games.
She was like, "What? Eight games?
" I'm like, "Yeah, what did you do?"
Yeah, because if we know the game,
you can send an SMS and answer a phone.
I put that one up first.
The code was also a thing called Mix It.
Oh, yes. What is that?
You sent a long message and the person
says, but it's gonna get started.
What about that Blackberry thing? BBM.
When I talk about Blackberry, Mix It,
and then that's where you had the whole
keyboard on over.
Yeah, so Tyler was like,
so like he was born. I said, Tyler,
this is a drive. I had to rock this stuff.
This was Amazon, this was a cloud before.
We just take the stuff in and just lock
it. Yes.
That's the definition of security right
there. That was that.
The security.
I remember when I was in college,
we had a computer course,
but I have a certificate.
That I could.
Start up with the pre disk.
Start the computer up with the pre disk.
And then how to run MS-DOS? No.
I had a certificate for that.
That was the extent of the computer.
I would run the commands.
Run the commands. I was so manual.
I get to know what you're doing. Yeah.
It's like the internet when you hear the
ringtone. Yeah,
I had one of those talks with my wife's
nephew.
You have to struggle when he comes to a
massive gamer.
I just think of gaming back then.
OK,
because it was to download or how long
you waited to get drivers for your GS.
Yes.
You have to go buy the PC for the
magazine.
Then get a little disc at the bottom. No,
no, yeah,
there's no drivers for your graphics and
look for the next stuff for these things.
Yes, like.
Everybody just give me down with
something, says "Dumb it,
" you see that fun?
Everybody had that show me. Yes,
10 years in my language. Yes, the man.
Even when I started piloting things,
I know songs takes like a week and then
songs.
It's in the wrong file.
It's a scammed copies of the guy,
gonna get picked up.
Some had a file of DVD's.
I have people come to the side of the
line. Amen. I don't know this guy.
So, Cortana was like, was like,
he was shocked with things like that,
was it? Are you in a meeting? Yeah,
we were in, we were in,
you guys was kicking us when you were
having bugs, and they were different.
That's too funny. The title was like,
really like, wow.
You know what I was like,
it's all innocent. It's like, what's that?
And so I said, you know, the...
Um...
The corporate log is on the right hand
side before the Microsoft thing.
I said before now they put the pilot in
the right hand side.
It was typing for co-pilot.
If you ask me anything,
the other side they think it blinks and
it's turned down before this corporate is
seen now.
When it was clippy, you know, on the top,
on the bottom line, it was just like,
now it's there, now again, I was in,
I was like, oh my gosh,
they're going back there. I just said,
"Wow, it's at the bottom,
like before that, how can I help you?
" Like,
it looks like you're trying to survive.
Do you need some help?
After you already saved it.
You guys remember Encounter Encyclopedia?
Yes. Britannia. Oh,
and the guys that had it.
Yeah, exactly. We had that. Yeah,
you like pants because you're like number
30, whatever.
I see you're lucky to be allowed to touch
it on the mantle.
No, you had to use it for projects,
but there was no go in the library.
And I was actually knocking on the door
to sell those Botanicas of the Woest in
the morning. Some volumes had two letters,
but other volumes was like one. Yeah,
and you could actually have some.
It was quite fun. Yeah,
it sounds like we all had the same
children. Yeah. Very from Spiderman.
To an extent, I feel sorry for you.
I really enjoyed buying magazine.
I love magazine. Send in the queues,
check the post out in the magazine.